i dunno justin read my mention or not . only justin and god knows about that , but i hope you will follow me believe 15 
because your logic is so dumb , i will not even crop out your name or your photo . ask . 
" just put casper in a box ! " loved the battle ! craig bitch 
thanks sir > > do not trip lil mama ... just keep doin ya thang ! 
visiting my brother tmr is the best est birthday gift ever ! ! ! 
gay ! ! life completed . tweet / facebook me to let me know please 
cd next album title : feel for you / roller coaster of life . song accept : life , yolo , becoming famous ? <3 14 follow me plz ! <3 x15 
work in hard or hardly workin rt at hardness with my future coworker 
i saw . I will be replying in a bit . 
this is we are i belong 
and to cheer national s2013 ? 
we send an invitation to shop on-line ! here you will find everything you need - without leaving home ... 
just woke up , finna go to church 
agreed ! 12 more days left tho 
monet with elongate 
like dam lexis u got a lot to say when ur on twitter lol 
grateful today for a dream fulfilled ! ! my heart is so full - first 3 completed tracks have arrived back from new york ! yes lord ! 
at home affairs shall do it later 
bar ca bout to beat real madrid on saturday doe 
a lot of parts of asia . especially rats that live in the country and live on grains . supposed to be quite tasty . 
i was not even sleeping . so shut tho ole go back to sleep lookin ass 
i have the worlds best dad . <3 
ab janaye wendie meeting hartman hi hijacker baa ki buttering bad may karaoke hum sab 
no one doubts that ability ! 
check my tweet pic out . that was the outfit before . this is it after 
just got my mid-term and I am impressed ! ! happy 
my summer days : 1 . ) work from 10:30- 2:30 i sh .. 2 . ) home , shower , & eat ... 3 . ) go out till whenever and do it all over again 
lol no .. food is ur friend 
16 million britney fan rt and tweet 
but seriously though .. it is called vanity fairest 
lol chloe :') I will teach yous to cook , you will be pros by the end of it ! 
lol , I am finna eat something ... chicken 
any questions for me ? just put preston down for a short nap and mikes not home for another hour , feel like answer q's ! ! make ' em original 
friday is payday & 4/20 ? ? he will yeah reasons 2dothebirdmanhandrub 
thank you again love & & i def will get that done ) i have plenty i want framed lols 
I am very week thanks ! what you up to ? x 
ff to my good , hilarious , sweet and kind friend , who loves toilet paper , he is always made me laugh when i needed to ! <3 
apparently not ) 
i live my life on the quote " live life for the moment cos everything else is uncertain " - louis tomlinson 
i can not wait to see it can you please notice or follow me ? 
but they could not be bigger than ' s ones 
you get major points if you are olivia brown 
ty as  will ! i do not know what i would do without you too my sister in christ ! you are truly a blessing to the kingdom ! 
i love southfield travel , and before i visit southall i visit first 
we care a lot for the ones you love ... good morning share it with your friends . 
i love you ! if you love me to please rt 
are you a blinded yet ? 
wait my brother has one ! let us get a picture 
if i do not do it first thing i will not do it ! plus i beat the bridge traffic 
japan has some of the nicest rivers ! 
oh hi please follow me 
my new drawing based on just waiting for knowing her fav color 
i have not seen myself though and they did not ask which is a bit annoying :p ha-ha , ooo really ? why ? 
i just need 17 more followers ! please follow to get me to 500 followers before saturday and to support ben kelly team jessie the voice us 
i want a dream like that would ; aha yolo . xx 
 will mr . schmidt / knight , are not you the charmer ? you just made my day five gazillion times better . love you ! 
no prob s hope it is all going will ! 
watching now here ) ) 
off to shower then bed , night night bbs 
be happy in front of people who do not like you , it kills them . 
me and martina are gonna make a video to call me maybe with the boys 
laying with my little cuddle buddy tonight 
ah , sorry love ... but i know you will ace them . ) 
how are mu ears holding up in the midst of all the midterms ? remember the secret to success is a good night sleep 
watching the first 48 , so is half my followers lol 
can i get a follow back from a fellow tw fan emily member please 
okay but next me you me are definitely hanging out 
i just figured out i have the same birthday as mike the situation from jersey shore .. but july 4th is a good day because i get fireworks 
dude i evident say one thing to her today ! ? ! and she starts trying to say shit ? k . 
can i get 3 more followers tonight :d I am nice . you will like my tweets . I will try my best 
yeah i was quite surprised too . even called the score . 
after school with my girls 
here <3 will hello there 
I will be sleeping there 
i love that he thought of me and his sweet proud face when he handed them to me made me tear up ! xoxoxo 
smack kk like that 
when people judge & criticize you , just remember it says nothing about you & everything about them 
um duh ! i told you ! u need to come to draco 
aw , you are a very sweet kind . smirnoff . i love you too & talking with u lifts my spirits as will . <3 
give her that dope dick , till she can feel it in her stomach , eyes rolling back & toes curling 
give her that dope dick , till she can feel it in her stomach , eyes rolling back & toes curling 
happy 4.20 for reals . I am sparking in the name of . 
i know ! can not believe it myself ! I will send you a pic of the hall ! 
rt help us trend jamaica and kathrynbernardoasmikay thank you ! 
rt help us trend jamaica and kathrynbernardoasmikay thank you ! 
rt help us trend jamaica and kathrynbernardoasmikay thank you ! 
i got 2 cold 40s in the fridge 
here is to the kids who hate giving speeches 
gun sorusu where is my mind via 
when I am old enough I am going on long lost family 
.. glad ur ok and it sure is can almost c it nite nite 
meal + cinema with katie 
so i thought since your a bieber fan and there arnt many at our school i assumed that was your team 
smiles what is up chiaroscuro ? xx 
i know i was in spanish 
it is once every 24 hours 
follow cos she is a fully sick dog 
thanks for the super sexy gold show ladies ! have fun shopping ! 
always a pleasure marie 
I am not sure if they are really aware of twitter . a hyena on nitrous oxide might confuse them . 
i dumdum you what to do get your followers to follow you on my your new twitter . where is this shindig ? x 
i can not wait til she moves back to san antonio 
so hate the weather . weeder bang summer na malamute ! ? harpist " i so love summer ! " 
9:19 my time and 
we need to book our to on the beach tickets ! ! ! excited 
oh wow ! ! is it like saturday over there ! ? sorry forgot about the time difference and omfg if nd came in i would die ... xx 
black with a touch of blue 
i would not mind drinking these cause they are cute ! 
aight thanks sweet z rt yeah that 1 
adam west ? ? think we are forgetting 
this describes me this morning 
jessica makes me feel forever alone . but it is all good cause i know she will be right next to me ... forever ... alone ;d aha 
oh hahahah thanks 
try to find out where it is ! 
u r supposed to be awake at this hour ! brouhaha come and join me ! I am on my in some mia & u have a life of call center ) 
so ... happy birthday how old are you , swift ? 
can not wait for this trip to la 
whatever peasant x 
that is embarrassing 
i bet dad forgot to get kerk sine is trending worldwide after that tweet stupid hash tag 
fck both of you all okay , my tit ties big ! dd <--- wishful thinking 
may all angels guard & guide ur way night & day 
lol jk jk kimmy I will try to get you some food wen i see you 
i am a muslim and i am proud to be one ! ! ! 
groundhogs : photo : stickers came in ! and doin work on a new shirt comin up soon run in apparel roun in design ... ... 
follow she is simply amazing and deserves more followers 
kiss mhee real slow & get down & blow my mind 
lmao weird but true it is crazy how i can always relate to the weird stuff tweet about ... smh lol 
zed ! msh ajay ! ( rt this is lipbalm , not pales hutu air ... ... 
i miss you nina ! and yes , hopefully I will see you at my grad love you ! 
i wanna buy that " stop wars " t-shirt . bought one . we we are supposed to wear it psychology together 
no problem babe :d thanks dear ! 
subway date with work flow 
omg that is my shit ! .. rt " making good love , , avant .. > most def is on the baby making play list lol " 
when i think of my future while closing my eyes , i can see you and me . together 
you are welcome ! and thanks for sharing ! looking forward to that . have a great day and stay fit ! 
" i am now a member of global 14 good " .. I will b a member soon 
it is all good black y ! 
thank you alison . i hope you are  will + happy ff to you too x 
ooo this story is getting good can not wait for more he he xoxox 
really ? wow that is good .. it is a really nice article x 
writing poems about occupy to olive chad saying " too live " > > > real thug 
be a lady in the streets , but a freak in the sheets 
are you getting that tattoo ? ? <3 
talks with emmanuel / mayo whew ! 
things r kelly sings about get ready fa that real gold shower 
under my covers there is a new adventure every time 
lanny in the briefs 
follow me on instagram : 
all the above ! 
I am proud to say that i never smoked in my life and i never will . 
that i can bring home to my mom 
got my magazines in the mail today ! girls , you can relate . 
when i think of his name all i can do is smile 
i see imma have to get a bitch prom taken away ... 
either way you win . get it girl 
are you all alright ! you are so excited , right of course , we can not wait , too . ) ) 
lol I am still reassuringly trotsky 95 % of the time 
treats from an ed client who has been baking ! wood 
no she will cuz it is me 
ways to begin sex talking hella shit guy tell girl to shut up she says make me he says i will with this d * ck she talks more shit ... 
thanks so much bay , i love you too ! ! can not wait to see you ! ! 
want to text 
could you please follow me ? ? if you do i will dance around like an idiot , like i did when luke did ! please <3 28 
please follow you will love her ! ! 
" no one does me better than me lol " is this banter ? 
lmao ! that made my day ! rt i got board so i thought i would practice my awesome dance moves lol 
... lap site is sick . slide thru & check it out ! ! glove 
is having lyrics jus need to think if i deffo want these certain lyrics 
: haha .. it is ok . i was just kidding . btw , am too a bangalore 
many thanks t ! i am very appreciative sorry it woke you ! how is eddy ? ? 
i am hold your excitement i know there is a lot h aha 
when a girl can take jokes , make you laugh , and make you feel like a king ; then she is meant to be your queen ! <3 
 will , thank you ! ! ! 
- smh .. ima still eat this creamy . double strawberry . 
 will it happens alot , so alot of picture opportunity 
true , but bacon infused bourbon and a little maple syrup make it real tasty . 
how many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb ? just juan joke tweet 
anyways , hope everybody passed their grad exams 
about to be home alone ! yes 
yes i guess it is patient that pays off in the long run I am into you 
lol coz the songs called " love love love " 
h aha it has not blown up like this in a while , so thanks for that lol 
happy birthday i love you with all my heart and stay army strong ! ! ! can not wait to see you again 
watching freedom writers in advisory 
here is the official video for our song when the lights die ! we hope you like it 
can u please ask btr if they already knew their albanian fans ? 
love you both , but you guys are real jackasses sometimes 
lmao ! idk fave but i got three shades of red for ya if you wanna freak it out 
lol he is in love . ahaha . and you know you like it . 
babe is home from work ! time to cuddle & watch ' 30 rock ' 
:p i do not call anybody . some kinda bug with me . btw critic called today . 
do not listen to haters they just bring you down ! pay no mind to the wannabes i got your back girl ! ! ! snooks for life 
does not mean you are allowed to use it 
i promise with you and god 
the host of american band stand . he started a lot of careers on his show . 
yep got them here , can not wait now aw I am sure they will come soon i do not get why they are here already , it is far too early x 
nicki minaj , starships love that song <3 ( live on 
i agree with everything you said about sam i just wanted in on the joke daily * hugs * coming your way time to dm ? 
he will yeah . ! ! ! wish we could hotbox together that would be cool h aha take a couple hits for mellisa do u ! 
god keep it free for paddy please xx 
oh shit that just fucking sucks ! at least we are watching despicable me 
I will be there soon . at least I will see you at reunion . 
nd webster surfboards I will join in ! i just need to learn to surf .. xx . 
now that you left the band , you will continue playing music ? who knows ? ? 
" av i > > > you look like an anytime character or something " thank you big brother <3 luff yew hoe ! 
off to seawall , queensland 
might get my belly button pierced soon on my birthday yeah . 
it was indeed and hahaha thanks you are joking right ? :p and yeah i should to match ;d 
" you are beyond that boo . [: " you are gorgeous 
night cute I am with you on the head part i never get any after my girl turns in so i feel ya later 
could i be one of those girls you notice ? been trying ages ! 
with that gorgeous face , i do not know your name , but it are not important babe cause I will just call you mine wale 
okay sounds good ! ! text me and let me know ! even if you could come for an hour that would be great to ! just wanna see yeah ! ! 
said this song reminds her of me . long time ago , but i still love the song <3 
working term time means you get to see trashy daytime tell 
hahahaha best practice today hahaha love you you had me literally on the floor laughing today ! I will see you tomorrow ! ! 
me too , should be a great day 
karma will soon find u . play your game  will love . good luck . 
yeah ! going to watch tonight ! can not wait 
thanks for whut ? ? nuthin , just a little many more inspiration 
follow me , it will make me smile 
ur not the only 1 dat dey head hanging get it ? 
h aha you should take me with u 
thank you , i better be on best behavior then look forward to feeding you on friday ! 
new to this follow me 
lol u the fam pet 
it sure is ... however , no , i can not take credit for that garret , but maybe i will start using some of my own ! 
would i be able to have my ban lifted b / c i did not do anything wrong ? 
time for ... then sleeps ! ! ! hit the road jack 
my head aches when i get hungry . . . ) 
it appears moot as u clearly have started drinking . 
it is not too late , but thank you 
these new songs are sounding killer can not wait for you to all hear them ! awesome stuff coming up ... 
i wanna dance on your body the way i shake it on stage 
right around the corner .. bring me a salami 
only 3 weeks left ... 
oh here it is gonna be a good night yeah gonna go tomorrow and see if i can get one somewhere .. 
ether way did u get yo ass beat ? lol bc u my prom date so i might have to hire a hillman aha 
rest in peace dick clark , you always made new years a little bit better <3 
do not underestimate life but take it simply 
thanks , but I am about to sleep now . kidding ! ) you game for yam ? 
film it across canada ! :d especially ottawa with lots of fans ! - p . s . I had like to audition for the film 
my brother play i pad 
I am going to learn a deaf havana song 
well , I am not doin ' it . and yes ; we are huge failures was h . lol 
hash twitter fights are for pussies ! handle that shit ! ! lol 
me and singing in the car 
stop paving on their face book then ! :p h aha , jokes ! no , she was , she is a mess ! next you will be saying you love glee ! god 
hey gok . what is your fashion inspiration ? 
which id guy is your perfect match ? mine is liam .. tweet me yours rt please 
one class today , and spending the morning with my boyfriend > > > winning . 
that is the only reason i got in 
aw happy birthday lew ! hope you have had a fantastic day , time to grow up now methinks x 
will be fun 
what up rage tweet going . do not worry be happy / turn that frown upside down 
in a user conference ... at work ... all day = boring ! ! 
ima slide prolly later tonight ... 
half 5 i will closure it again for you when it is in better condition ! ! ! xx 
ion mind tho cuz i live here otl lmao 
after a tiring day shopping with mom and I am now preparing my things for the swimming tomorrow . 
 will i hope you do good on it 
about to make me something to eat btw the track meet was popping 
watching tv until i fall asleep , goodnight you all 
good morning linnie . have a nice day . .. serous ! 
oh i may bring holly up to the game then x 
I am going to class ! rt " free headphones outside the commons ! " . get me some ! 
nah , we are good rt banged out almost sours of revision with kinda lethal 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
thanks love ! 
i wish had a tv show i could watch it all day long ! ! 
i know we do ! ! i love your hair by the way , could not stay a normal col our for long could you here x 
is a weirdo 
ya they had booties down here on " regents " day . i have a purple pin on my jacket from them 
birthday night out / last night with the girls until september at 
def agree 
i love please follow me ? 
awesome ! thanks for the check love have a great day from all of us here 
got my schedule all figured out . 
omg I am so proud of this guy > > > ! ! ! congrats on becoming a theta nu naples I am sure you did your thing ! ! ! 
" " long day , off to bed . " night morning " morning sharon 
ooo i would get people to follow you but cba right now 
pandora + p interest my way to relax ! 
lol . seriously . it is nothing 
hello ? I have waited here for you 
like up britches if you want a contest / challenge series ( 
oh yeah you still talking that shot ? ? ? hoe 
the boys are on their way to nz 
the boys are on their way to nz 
your two biggest fans are and jessica training , you mean the world to them , please show your appreciation x 
* giggles * you know you done good when you get the block . I am the owner of a jim utter block 
needs to learn how to breath when she sings . i go with 
my office any time charley 
tell her i said happy birthday as  will ) ) 
lmao , yea ! that is my baby what period you all got together ? 
oh yeah , smell like what ? the longitudinal i just smoke you out with ? fucks with me 
lol what you doin for 4/20 ? 
omg ! that is going to be so cute ! 
the text just sent me ! made me smile she is so sweet ! love e you 
the text just sent me ! made me smile she is so sweet ! love e you 
this makes me so happy hi all 
this makes me so happy hi all 
rt 9 days left ! taxable at rum fe unpaid particular from 11 am - 5 pm and at oz radio bandung 10 am - 4 pm . do not miss it guys 
rt 9 days left ! taxable at rum fe unpaid particular from 11 am - 5 pm and at oz radio bandung 10 am - 4 pm . do not miss it guys 
do not forget to send the pictures to me , rachel & madison u 
done cut off my nails .. thanks mama for cut it .. 
not all the year 9 ' s , I have been following you for ages 
bby kiss me thought the phone 
so what we get drunk .. so what we smoke we would .. we are just having fun .. it is .. 444 ... twenty ! ! 
niall got braces , can not wait to see him cause he is such a wee cute y anyway aw one direction ... what am i like . . . 
feel free to join hicks , you my enigma too ) 
lies was told - eating crust on bread will make your hair curl ! anyone else heard this ? ridiculous ! 
hope my sister has a wonderful day 
hannah hey there josh could you get that t-shirt down for me ? no 
hey i would love to win signed copy of one direction dare to dream i want the id book . 
jade n needs to tweet more I am desperate ! ! ! 
i do not live in the uk , the usa , us or dz . i live in samoa hamoswant1dtour 
i do not live in the uk , the usa , us or dz . i live in samoa hamoswant1dtour 
rt she is got great eyes plus great wardrobe 
please follow me and my best friend it is means a lot for us x 19 
it is about ed regretted and will he still has not got the popularity he deserves asked 
that word looks very close to andy bisexuality name 
hannah ! ) i-set nate please ! ) let us make palmer to coach marin maharashtra ) ) >:d < 
why is it i knew you we are asian oh yes the pic of you holding your adorable nephew was my clue ) 
awe I am starting to miss oomf 
sam's love for mercedes is so cute ... and creepy . glee 
when boys are special enough to be your first time . chihuahua . on may te ) ) ) 
girls with lip rings , tongue rings , nipple piercings , belly rings > > > i find that attractive 
you keep them laying around or up your ass ? ! 
congrats : claire , yves and alec are trending now .. ) obedience 
' oomf with braces look too good though , . . 
i avoid online dating sites . they match you up with people who share your interests and i do not want to go out with a weirdo 
maya got the movie tickets for tomorrow night ) ) ) 
are you working today , or are you just responding to tweets ? ? lol ! ! 
okay really tho ... goodnight lol 
yeah , i should really consider that , probably life would be more interesting . 
white girl wasted 
hhs sorry lauren ! will buy something on ur behalf too x 
ooo i swear if i get the chance ima ) 
i found the part he sings ! ! ! shout out to me ? ( live on 
what a beautiful day for 5 beautiful boys x 
what a beautiful day for 5 beautiful boys x 
thanks man I am actually traveling to exeter to take part at the met office . always wanted to go there ! 
that would be too cute to be on the kissing camera at one of the mats or ranger games 
my boo told me he loves me a lil bit today 
everything will be okay . 
you are all amazing , too amazing to write a song about 
bitches never directly tried me . they know better h aha 
so & i just got finished perfecting our prom moves ! hhs scotland a int ready 
oh yeah . try not to be jealous of that wild grandpa sweater . 
rt hey morning be nice day for me today .. have nice day today ... baptismal 
i know but I had much rather save up and go see olly next year than go otb there is like none that interests me atm x x 
really tht's nice 
they are in 4th & 5th grade & just finished 2 weeks of state testing .. they are pretty much done for the year . 
make it through wednesday , then you are halfway ! 
s / o to ! 
you already know doe 
sancho mom wants the deep 
only if you will take my kindle wireless in part exchange ! ! 
training's done woo adv . b's so saw ) 
I am canadian , i always say please and thank you 
that was joke btw , clearly loads of people own footballs ha 
before and after shots maybe 
urghh , delete your old account then 
thank fuck for that ! thought i was a good judge ! xx lol 
unattractive things about me that i am a lazy texter but i will only reply to you if you are special to me 
this is random , but we have not talked in forever and i miss you 
this is random , but we have not talked in forever and i miss you 
i really wish you looked like that 
rt if you can not wait for may 6 good luck charlie season 3 premiere 
that steak - & baked potato is in there calling my name ) 
- . - rt the reactions I am getting from my last tweet about haitians > 
anybody in my followers no anybody that needs a weekend nanny or an evening babysitter . brunswick but willing to travel ? x 
cancer always have good sex horoscopes 
you ladies should come work up an appetite with a class before brunch just say in 
made me feel like a punk today lol he pushed me all in my head & face , bet that will not happen again lol 
first break finally - yoshi time ! let us wow our customer 
about to upload a picture 
nah , it is all about coronet raspberry enigmas <3 
hm no lorain fake none of the cyrus know her 
can us have a follow from you ? ! ? ! ) <3 
" no likes me , no one likes talking to me " so not true ! ! i love you 
going to bed been a long day ! need my rest o z z night ' go 
as we go on , we remember . all the times we had together . and as our lives change , come whatever . we will still be , friends forever 
as we go on , we remember . all the times we had together . and as our lives change , come whatever . we will still be , friends forever 
actually " catch up lunch " sounds great .. i hope we catch up some mutual feelings over that tho .. looking straight forward to it ! ! 
what is liam payne's middle name ? xx 
has no friends , he reads tho .. 
try not to do anything to crazy 
I am on my way  will in the next hour 
hon , it sure will " here , we nickey tu ! ur day will come " lol ... " ulrika mwizi " style ... erhard ? ? " 
check out the latest photos from our visit to northern england . york is our favorite city so far ! 
mission get the good guy , is now in progress 
hey have a nice day 
get the peanut butter or dark choc ones from an american food store , you will not regret it 
my daughter and team mates are getting ready for a badminton game ! competition is exciting 
ok , lets - I have been w / u yrs ! I have bought your movies / cd's / varied my ass off ! think I have earned a call ? do u want blood ? ! 
ok , lets - I have been w / u yrs ! I have bought your movies / cd's / varied my ass off ! think I have earned a call ? do u want blood ? ! 
no school for me tomorrow or friday mummy ! 
. she think it is real this time 
" oh okay good . u too fly to be depressed " thanks boo : - * 
whoa , that is a fine looking pussy ! 
h aha i know but it is the best way to answer the question ! 
aw do not make me blush x x x it is alright ! keep the icon x x x 
greeting from fashionista love , here is the update for today ! enjoy your shopping xoxo , nicole 
 will be up all night ! 
daddy s home it is time to play 
jack thanks for worry ... u'r a good friend 
hey justin bieber can i have follow from you ? love you xoxo 
you have a good point , thank you you are a monster ? 
you can look after it too 
he is a very big fa kath rt can you follow me pls pls pls , , , imm a big fan ! ! ! :d 
hannah how ironic . thank you very much 
heard you are a player ? nice to meet you I am the coach . 
I will make you a dinner that will make you stay in the bathroom for a while 
- ; bitches are not shit & they are not saying nothing : * a ` hunt mathematics can not tell me nothing \ \ * i been in trap ( 
bigger & better things to come 
and I am just gonna say , this is great 
3 of me i love the cross eyed one . 
nothing i changed my twitch tho after your constructive criticism , lol 
rt goodnight to ... I am so proud of you , you have no clue , on one deserves it more then you 
east , come back for more dublin I am dublin during the summer ? 
do you want to make two family m enders happy ? then press mine and follow button . we ask very nicely 
he is worth the wait love props great swagger 
he is worth the wait love props great swagger 
thanks for following your on line shopping partner . 
everyone is entitled to an opinion and i respect that . but , those of you still trashing jeff long can die in a fire . have a good night . 
woo 4.20 real pot heads do not wait for a holiday , just saying 
I will be your drunk on a friday night representative 
thank you ! ! ! same here ! 
got the new today , love the cover guys x 
things that people say 
:d :d :d :d :d wish jocelyn had a twitter . kudos for her too . 
i think you should tweet this fab doll she honestly loves you so much ! please yoko ! 1 . 
hey , can u help my group ? we are doing a video campaign .. we need you to view this link -> 
hey , can u help my group ? we are doing a video campaign .. we need you to view this link -> 
hey , can u help my group ? we are doing a video campaign .. we need you to view this link -> 
hey , can u help my group ? we are doing a video campaign .. we need you to view this link -> 
hey , can u help my group ? we are doing a video campaign .. we need you to view this link -> 
it is so fun ! ! ! go with us soon okay ! 
yep gonna watch it now 
" teeth and smile > > beautiful " aw your so sweet 
@ marybeth follow me , please 
me , liam and harry are following everyone who follows rt if u did it 
aquarius usually is not tired or lazy . they just like to sleep this describes me perfectly 
my favorite thing in the world , is cracking my ankles 
eating that breakfast , starting a new diet that i learned yesterday ! 
oops i read that wrong ) 
ever looked at your friends & thought , why the heck are not we comedians yet ? you know 
cooled it with my best friend , i are not see her in a grip . she been in the cut 
lol neither on mine 
us . look at her lips they blue 
normal is one of the few terms never used to describe me I am limited edition 
really ? i thought you we are already in the kitchen ... 
ok everyone's talking about pbb and we are about evangeline . how is that for making a change ? ) 
do you enjoy the white small car " buy by " albatross for last christmas i know I am a believer 
between if you was born in the 90 ' s ! 90s babies 
between if you was born in the 90 ' s ! 90s babies 
when ike something i remember everything 
thoughts during school my teacher is so hot ... 
playing with bella through the door . 
why fm ? mm diva ? 
I am a tshirt hoarder . i love them . but the i will not turn down occasional sweats 
she needs to borrow c obeys movies his favorite is predicable me ! i like it too and a part 2 is coming out this summer too ! 
my dinner tho > 
rt humor : estimating the project size project management joke consultant 
play football tonight , up early take my us to their match back home out for run , take it from there , maybe sweat a bet in 
h aha he will yeah when ? 
i have to study now , but please follow me . so i can concentrate ! <3 
day is going good less than an hr of wk to go 
listening to ax and looking at thames moline . : 
of course ! do you have the coffee packed ? 
ditto . safe travels , love ! rt how are you guys ? I am thinking about you . hope you all got to smile at least once today 
deep rt trying to come down to ur level rt why do u have to be an asshole 
what is the source of happiness ? or who ... , ? 
awhile sucks ! ! ! wanna come home with me and go with me to get my nails done ? ? 
. a . p ni okay oops oppositional gs songs ! epidemic review yens malli.hehehe people will laugh at u ! ! hannah rofl 
23 minute more to fall in love friday I am in love 
hannah , he just called me attractive 
retweet this if you like it , please 
good for you river , start dropping gold coins in there , dude ! one of your many gay fans 
i wanna do it in the backseat , you on top of me grinding slowly too the rhythm of the beat 
" happy thong thursday bittersweet yummy 
salami say updates sec . , you are the best ) 
who are these new people following me who i do not know .. ? 
the next time the boys are in australia niall will be celebrating his 20th birthday ! ( sept . 13th ) 
the next time the boys are in australia niall will be celebrating his 20th birthday ! ( sept . 13th ) 
the next time the boys are in australia niall will be celebrating his 20th birthday ! ( sept . 13th ) 
have an amazing show tonight ! ! I will be in the audience . hopefully I will see you afterward scat until i die ) 
I am glad this day is ending 
i swear I am always re tweeting , her tweets are juss too funny or too real 
- - - the type of girl to change your life 
queen has the cutest butt 
amaranth and ma lil brouhaha ! 
beautiful jordan flip flops . they are so small and cute 
you can have the one my dog uses .. hannah 
brouhaha you know that was funny 
job interview though , wish me luck * fingers crossed * good luck lauri 
getting a " hey beautiful " > > > 
hi it is my b-day 2 day & all i want is 2 get followed by u . x 142 
buying a half today ! day me ! ! ! 
better not make the wrong decision today , or I will be very upset really though 
like what ? rt lmao ! oh do not worry i have ideas ... 
everyone follow 
bl erg . 358 this time . i think i need a longer break now . it is hard to get back into the swing of things . 
lmfao , i are not think yu was ready for that . bt now that i kno i got chu 
made thus for you guys and early birthday wishes ! ! ) 
watching never back down in class 
you would like it ! the students choose a focal question and research the topic throughout the semester . 
' turned on webbie radio & & ' what is happen in came on . aye . ! ! 
text i just got lol : today is the 7,665 th day of your life , in other words your 21st birthday i ( cont ) 
he say he will kill somebody ova me ! 
kicks of the day . 
it is the weekend ! ! s coming home and s baby shower , excited 
chelsea played a blinder last night . fingers crossed for the second leg 
rt shout out to 
get back up : are you trapped by past failures ? get free with this one a heart for god 
I am trying to take a nap but i can not while sponge is on . 
have a good time - i know you will 
until i am in melbourne and available for coffee dates ( or sharing a coke at the mall 
lol , ima ass whole i like fucking with her scary ass ! 
you a int no good if all you want is to get in my pants . sorry , but it are not workman ' 
i had a boy tell me that the fact that i bump rap & shit all the time was the " biggest turn on " he is ever had runs 
come to my bed , my house ? xx 
hey , thanx for following me . 
when text ed me but i was so high and drugged up i spelled shit wrong . she got what i was saying tho lmao 
hi love your songs good luck with all your future albums . 
do not you like your awaken cake ? ! this is to celebrate your homecoming ! 
she is not , i am ! she is been served with a workplace asbo ... 
ferrari-only highway in malaysia ! thanks to : an type photography : for making us smile 
sleep  will phil rt had a blast tonight with all the musicians on stage with me , hope ( cont ) 
only 4 more followers until 830 ! please help and spread the love rt 
only 4 more followers until 830 ! please help and spread the love rt 
thx and * bow * to mrs . australia ff 
oom f is actually pretty funny made my night alot better 
that is exactly y all u guys / girls miss out on sum 1 u could have been with in actually enjoyed be-n with . ... . advice to who eva needs it . . 
oh , do not get me started trying really hard not to encounter spoilers , felt bad watching the trailer 
ah yes why can not the song just bloody happen aha x 
nice ! i should prepare my read at hon post hopefully later between dinner and book group 
isa ales g private or public . ) di ko run flam bakit 24 instead of 22 eh walk mnemonic event dun ng 22 . 
anyway morning you all 
girl turn the lights out , i bet i make you tap out ! 
if you hurt me , please know that i always got someone lined up ready to catch me when i fall . I am too bad for that ob 
if you can ? we have 11 atm so everyone will play hole game x 
i like him in any hairstyle 
( for women ) ... you know what they say abt big shoes ... big uterus .. uh 0_o ? ? ... some movie 
bf girl ! ! hope all is will 
i love look n the mirror nd looking good but i neva brag about how i look or what i got conceited but not to the max like most 
rt nobody is greater than god ! ! blessed ) ! ! ! 
tell me why ! aha . 
see i got a problem & i do not know what to do cause ' ... 
so rt on twitter from my laptop lol 
it seems to me , or never answered ukrainian rushers 
can u please give me the link to 1.2 & 3 ? 
aw thanks hun . way too nice 
someone pick me up , and take me to norwich on the 29th , so i can watch lost ! live ? 
that sucks ! & & good goods just living life day by day ... hby ? ? ? 
before i met you i never knew what it was like ; to look at someone and smile for no reason 
every time i go to the hair salon bat naked any i have a really weird taste in hair oh will 
yeah for sure man  will i think  will be there a day extra so maybe can sort it then  will check it sooner to the time 
selling a coffee table.tv.couch.bed . need $ 195 by monday lol . no it is not for drugs or anything bad 
glad i do not go to freeman , just in case that nerd does blow it up 
missing hurry up & get off already ! ! ! lolz 
it is gonna be a god weekend 
I am leaving early 
better than yesterday ! i can eat and drink now squirrel will be up and  will in no time ! 
just tryna text , who can i text on this lovely day 
nice use of word " wise act " .. 
ah glad to hear it . we must do something soon ! x 
yeah you should and aha yeahs she was like m no not really aha :p 
when you know the width and length and depth and height of jesus ' love , you would not have to worry anymore ! seriously ! it is that great ! 
when you know the width and length and depth and height of jesus ' love , you would not have to worry anymore ! seriously ! it is that great ! 
hey niall , can you follow back me ? I am so feel lucky if you followed me , please nialler thanks xx 
i was too high ) ) ) 
is a hot teacher ( 
* grinds against you , slowly stripping down * hey baby . 
i heard you doin you , and you heard I am doin better 
it is actually on itunes now ! u can download it ! ! ask vern or alex all about it lol = = = > 
wearing a dress tomorrow even though i only have 2 classes with him lol 
guess who is birthday is ... now ? ? ! yours ! happy birthday airbag apple butt 
you get major points if you rub my back without me asking 
finishing work early to get my hair done 
h aha okay , that is good 
hey there kristina , follow back ? 
i hope likes the picture i took on her phone 
thanks , gary , will follow right back . ) 
what made you wana be in a band ? 
pretty good , how about you ? xx 
h aha okay what tanning lotion do you use ? i want to get it lol 
can not wait to go to brick lane next weekend ! spend the rest of my birthday money 
tampa bound with da girls 
I am glad we do not have school friday now i could sleep longer thursday night or not 
thanks and only getting my maths and physics results 
girl you working wit some ass yea you bea yea make a nigga spend his cash yea his last yea ) 
follow though * desire * cdfu 
really ! did not know , cool & I am watching a movie , eating dinner . 
smh not down ! lol and yay callahan ! that is awesome 
late start tomorrow . oh thank god 
thoughts during school my bed . and a cuddle buddy 
we sure do ... chicken caesar , feta or mediterranean ? 
one thanks 
just be safe 
, thinking about cutting everybody off & starting fresh & i know exactly who i want 
ok so if you are mad at me , please take it out on me rather than on my car thanks 
my subtweets are for whoever they apply to . if you do what i subtweet about then subconsciously I am talking to you 
hahn ahab ) good ! I am excited to see you too ! you know we act like we can only hang at watermelon bust ? what up with that 
blessings from yorkshire pal ' 
hello i need help in something .. can u follow me back and then follow if u want ^ - ^ 
oh oh see if i get a chance to buy a drink later . heh 
no  will train him and make his teeth blunt ... 
here .. yes .. that is true thank you cc 
check it out this is me riding the rampage open last year new stuff for 2012 coming soon 
check it out this is me riding the rampage open last year new stuff for 2012 coming soon 
I have been alright , hbu ? you go to honeymoon right ? : o 
we are excited for tonight's press launch for ! ! ! 
i showed it to mama and she was like oh my gah I am gonna throw up hhs but i think u look pretty sexy haha 
alabama is a leo team leo 
good morning how was your show ? 
lmao rt I will give you greens every time , so you know it is real 
when you gonna go on that diet with me ! follow me ! gracious new to this 
me but I am going to go due my hair 
hi ! thanks for following ! ) 
i love you so much ! can you please follow me ? <3 
i crack you up rt afoot yo said the blacker the berry the sweeter the juice & & you know oom f juice sweet as a bitch ctfu ! ! 
me and ) ) state street diner 
h aha thanks go following I have been wanting to say that . 
okay , then promote us please 
made the high school volleyball team 
thank you best friend <3 lol 
getting sexy for tonight going out with my girls 
forever young i want to be , do you really want to live forever ... forever young 
he will yea can i after movies 
lol what is good tho 
i love it when my mom takes me to get a rapper just for no reason 
they are probably already off . 
american pie reunion , gone and cabin in the woods - i wna see them all 
so right after leaves the first thing says is why am i crying .. hannah ( 
i love being within your presence ) 
i will though i have to so you have nothing to blackmail me with h aha 
i hope blair did not give you a full blown migraine ... i suggest a bout of dar williams to ease the pain can not bear blair 
staying after school with thursday tho 
woke up to some reggae , classical rock and some new wave ( ah ) relaxation the police bob marley the doors rolling stones jimmy cliff 
i laugh cause idont care anymore 
I am about to go to sleep 
ga mudding , just tell u the truth 
hannah , everything when it is 11:11 I am wishing that I will meet one direction someday 
i feel more confident with myself 
uwi ba kayo shaver ? do come .. kayo ni mama love 
i have to get tickets this time ! wish me luck ! love you ! 
early morning blowing 
someone tell me why has gone beyond beautiful : s ... ? & can you take ah trip to london soon ? 
happy nth months and me love you guys especially anna my baby : * * 
what a beautiful day for nyc 
may dependant na po ba kayo ng purple house with eng subs ? 
would you believe i did eli's pigeon face ? h aha . it looks the same , tbh . > ) ) ) 
ur welcome and no 
if I am louder would you see me ? xx 
oh going to the movies with my big bro tomorrow though 
maybe after i get back from china ! 
both of you all can kiss it ! you all love me , & all the extra ! lol 
i think these pictures i drew deserve a follow 
i think these pictures i drew deserve a follow 
shower then text till my eyes close 
sleepover at mansion with rebeca , and maica 
mind to foll back , before 
i mean I am about to go to the store . 
everything i look at i see gods loving hands at work . the trees , the stars , all of it man ! it is like the classic tootsie roll commercial 
just heard your new single on ! ! sounds fab , really catchy ! it is trending too call my name 
thank god i do not have any homework ) ) 
I am gonna have to try it one day sweet chili sauce is one of the best ! 
was it scandalous ? 
i had just gotten home . tuesday night debauchery with the gays . 
wow twitter better watch out for people like you here 
lml that too ! 
having such a good night with the girls ! ! hannah waite ch a nice kept annie murdoch lucy young 
cause you we are flying ... and it was bumpy so i was like k .. lmfao but whatever i got over it ! 
do it ! ! will be so so good ! once in a lifetime 
him that is cute .. my watch is being passed around des moines and posted on face book 
it is boy thu der visits gy ss visits ! ! trend it now ! 
thanks ! what do you use snag it for ? 
i love the video boyfriend , i love , always stay strong and never say never justin te am o 28 
i suck at all the languages except for my own ! ahahaha i hope I will learn some more one day . be a little more like you ... 
rt " thanx a lot " 
ok gonna play a few throw backs while i have my midnight snack slave - just a touch of love : via 
you should do another twit cam soon ! 
keep that hash tag together rookie mistakes 
you can go volunteer as tribute , I will stay home with gale 
hannah i know ! ! ! someone showed me that too 
just read something , and I have realized .. you know nothing ;] if confused text me bahamian ! i love you x 
you are off to a roaring start ! 
I am sorely tempted to add owls in my room too 
he kno it be a wrap when I am riding it from the back 
no fact for me today thank god 
spent time with arlene 
omg ! ! ! just did mi hair ! ! ! I am amazing ! ! : exxon to mi followers ! ! ! maraca 
t wanna hear a poem ? okay .. roses are red , violets are blue , you do not suck dick .. then bitch fuck you 
aha thought you would be pleased . x 
remember to have your taxes in by midnight tonight ! ! ! 
is one of the reasons i go on you tube and then to watch 
rt good morning i do not wanna forget the presence is a gift so i say thank you 
whatever time , I am not bothered . i should be up 
lol know that 
spent earth day in the mountains smoking my favorite plant with my bros . happy 420 , stoner nation . 
where can i sign up to be in your music videos .. i will do it for free h aha xx 
eek I am excited too ! your going up saturday right ? ! 
how about them braves tonight ! 9-3 over the mets ! ha ! 
can not wait till one direction's concert next year ! bring on 2013 ! 
i love so much ! <3 i wanna start talking to her a lot more like i used too ) 
+ + breakfast = great start to the day 
taco bell for the second time today 
at least i got to skip my ugly classes today 
I am good what about you ? ? ... omg i know . great to have on twitter as  will xoxo 
it is official ! ms . jean garcia promotes this twitter page . pls help us too to promote this . thanks ! 
it is official ! ms . jean garcia promotes this twitter page . pls help us too to promote this . thanks ! 
oh whoops . flight is here . sorry thanks for being so cheap . you do that  will 
. follow them and gain 
anytime . us girls have to stick together 
- thx , and want you to know , I have bought your tunes on i tunes . 
oh  will , everyone has different opinions . 
today when i am back home i went to see a year one direction in the making harry do not listen it . you have a fantastic voice 
getting our nails did with 
i want guy that is from philly ha ! 
made me laugh . i must be a teacher . 
oh right right ! hahaha yes i can not wait for this xmas ! i know what to send everyone now ) 
5 ' 5 with brown eyes , a smile like the sunshine 
him i have to say i miss you bunches ! i love you u and def can not wait to see you tonight my time 
you will get the hang of it ! ! 
but c ewe 2 .. find the love who would fight for you and ur relationship . and when u find that person , fight for him . never give up 
but c ewe 2 .. find the love who would fight for you and ur relationship . and when u find that person , fight for him . never give up 
even though justin has been to wales once before ( he was in bangor ) can you please help and sign this <3 thanks 
rt the heat game is on and you lookin for a twitter waive ? rt who wants to be my twitter wifey " 
that is crazy ! and yes we do and I will see if i cab find anything . 
i want to curl up in a ball and sleep forever . 
been writing songs like it is my job , but i have to admit , i do not think i can wait anymore . i want people to hear them . 
cool , hopefully before my holy late august ... some new material to relax to on the beach 
" smh up paine ! ! ! * looks around * elm ... oh ! electricity is bak :d " 
thinking what is a reserve and b reserve ? 
so nice walking into fye yesterday an asking for the cd 
you are a thug ! why you play in ? lol & i believe it , you seem too mean to approach . 
hello miss cheryl come and get me . . . oh , sorry jen it is you . . . tweet ling lyrics lyk a gangsta x 
getting my first boxy ! ! ! ( it is a box of free make-up and goodies you are sent to review lol ) yetta ! 
these girls get mad cause i never want something serious i just think about you cause you made me not want to go back to that . heartless 
shut up & just make sure my bae be careful 
a couple more hours and we will be working on our sexy ass tan lines can not wait oh yeah its day 
this is a great day ! finally you admit it 
tml going idea shop for racks plus I am going to look for some decor or furnitures 
kiss you on your neck and tell you everything is great 
kiss you on your neck and tell you everything is great 
kiss you on your neck and tell you everything is great 
no bother , you will get the grades x 
hahn ... morin though rt bane ! sikorsky android bado team da br 
please follow me ! i have been trying for so long 
continue going with him , being his little dog and following him everywhere yeah ? 
yes I am abt to b a mommy ... 
lol how many tennis courts do you need ? 
i was so close to tweeting that ... glad i did not now 
I had go to the doctor for that cough , mate 
you are strong and you do not let other people influence you or get you down 
i forgive you this time but never again and ye 
anytime bff tweet 
download hook t it is a better way for us to message one another my hook t I had is dmy bpi 
oh 2nd semester . ^ ^ first year in the university . 
oh good cos I have run out of bread ! ! 
he is a father-like young .. i like being around him .. i learn many things from him 
do not complain , only action you will get for a while 
i love to see you jealous 
one of our teams got 2nd place in mud tug ! ! congrats ladies ! 
hey ! stranger over there I am really liking the way , you whip it whip it ! i really want you now your so fine so fine 
definitely i love going to the echo to see shows ! 
playing with my new watercolor paint pens 
when we all know that misses mr w 
her daily sentence : " i hate my french teacher . " lmao <3 
congrats on the prevailing of common sense 
thanks & i tried my hardest . but she pushed me .. lol thts old shit tho , I am over it 
ok ! I am starting to love one direction . 
i can not sleep much cuz i must get up at 6.30 am everyday when i have school : l ... have fun they and say them hi from germany 
it will grow one day 
ik u will not see this tweet but i always tweet you everyday hoping you will replay ! my bday is in a week ! happy bday to me ? 
ik u will not see this tweet but i always tweet you everyday hoping you will replay ! my bday is in a week ! happy bday to me ? 
you can get major points if you send me random cute texts that will keep me smiling all day long 
tried to do the philippines flag . nails yellow red blue hard candy filipino pinay 
had a good nap probably finna go bk to sleep 
you should watch this korean pop group ! they are really something ! 
i think all of them have boyfriends too ... bahamian . true that though 
now nah hud lilt kan akim sonya :d rt " when i see you smile ... ~ ~ \ m / " 
maybe . but you just see 1 of the ' dot ' and you see 1000 of up . 
for sure ! can not wait for tomorrow ! 
nice h aha ! have fun ! and i did and thank you ! ! 
it did as it goes ! 
let us just hope they taste good 
aw ! so jealous right now ! hhs ! what was it / she like ? ? hhs ! x 
i want to come back already 
tom has blue eyes , katie has brown eyes , and sure was lucky enough to get her dad's same amazing eyes 
we have a brother sister gang , and we intend on bullying our mom xd 
p shh u better and aw man i want my clam cakes 
and they have got cocktails to start they know us  will nab show 
lol i was too ! shaking , heart eating fast and all ! but it linn bad 
yes that is right so that is not too long to wait ! 
hey ! take me and steve out for a rasputin ! ! ! h aha 
i would not hate lucy if he leaked a sex tape xp ) imagine ... me too : 333 
tweeting from the harmony s ( lol 
" my biggest fear is losing my best friend we have lasted this long . this is forever 
was amazing ! his arms corr sexaaay 
nah , " he vous aime " is . i ch have much limb . is that right ? 
will jst the sweet n the dark part 
dear anyone who is reading this . i hope you have a reason to smile today . be happy 
10 minutes left to join the networking cruise ... it is rock in 
good yeah all good thanks darling . yeah definitely , lemme know when your free and we will all have a catch up 
i have to many socks to chose from for wacky tack day ! which one should i wear ? cool socks 
start your day with a smile ) ) ) 
me , diamond , michael , nd raced to 3rd hr we was fooling ! 
enigmas be thinking they doing something by unflinching you .. you just doing me a favor thanks ! ! 
when people swear they know you . no u know what ii want u to know 
thoughts during school i wish a was a hamster so i could just chill all day .. i wonder what it is like to be a hamster ... must be cool 
i heard in the streets I am the one you want in 
when you just sit there and randomly laugh about something that happened 
wha ? ? ? shh pls you are not bout that life 
" would you mind " hm 
ah , this is gonna be a good one 
oh thank you ! it took awhile to figure it out . 
thank you , i was very happy ! 
it would be the proudest moment in my life 
pmsl na u go girl was a good game hun stop with them roll polygons init lol x x 
got my call today need to finish this letter ! ! 
i think you are both probably right , but i had to point out the counter-example because I am a dick like that 
nice one mate , I will make sure to pop in for a pint when I am in town then 
maybe a hot shower will get me tired ? 
rt the review check it out - - - wheeze bars buzzy * salute * ima send you that track on sunday 
louis bungee jumping in nm ! ( credits to the owner ) - marie xx 
it looks so good ! and josh is in it which automatically makes it amazing x 
primary school memories you cutting your ear open with a pair of scissors 
save a horse ride my scooter .. ladies any takers ? 
liam got ported from some eggs hi to you eggs . 
ok ! so i started think in ' about what to getcha for ur birthday & i have come to the conclusion that i am a fucking genius ! ! 
sooner or later things will be the way you imagine them . 
k , that is better ! yeah i will 
hi church ! keep safe . please follow back 
you all should make a road trip & come get me on friday so i can join ! 
you will be on the train home ... remember ! 
forever with you no matter what 
thank you boo , and love you too ... ) 
thankful tony i lafayette sooty much ! 
uh mm i guess I will go out for a drive let us hope for the best 
anything for my debby poo ! ! ! 
being drunk is so much better than not being drunk 
being drunk is so much better than not being drunk 
goodnight to my baby hope she had a wonderful day ! <3 
i just got home . good . opening newman bi tom so i need to rest na . 
lol yeah my old his was getting old and this how i be feeling so why not 
s / o to girls who do not allow their hearts to be broken 
sending this out borrow 
hannah you should have heard her yesterday ! she told me to sign up for christian mingle ... 
baby i got nothing to hide 
just out enjoying some sun 
looking at old pics of me & all i see is fay cray 
hey can you do me a huge favor and check out my friends song . maybe subscribe ? ) 
thanks for the mention ! proliferation much appreciated ! jenny arose 
man , it was a long night ! ! part 2 next weekend 
still so fucking orange from last night . i look ridiculous < max fagot warehouse too ? pomp poom flex 
hey gorgeous ! lol 
in thee bed looking at keepers creepers , with a bra & & leggings on eating animal crackers 
sure ! ! ! omg ! ! i can not wait ! ! so excited ! ! boyfriend ! when my idol follow me ? 18 
rt rt rt rt open follow for stoppers ' all random ' flori keck * b :d open follow 
i could understand your comment with google translate , thanks a lot and it was a very happy time for me to see you all in seoul 
i could understand your comment with google translate , thanks a lot and it was a very happy time for me to see you all in seoul 
I will just have to wait for " the payback years " 
any advice ? it is my first time going ! 
now I am on the phone with marked i missed them ! 
alright alright . time to close the laptop . goodnight nigguhs <3 
it is happy hour ... all day ... at sonic . I am not complaining .. best day ever ? yeah . best start to my week of finals ? yes ! ! ! 
but then robin ho took his spot & doubled that with an amazing 40 + goal tally 
got some more snacks for my baby today . love you <3 
good morning ! ! thanks have a blessed weekend ! 
I am notorious for doing shit like this for trending topics :d no problem 
" babe came over to comfort me she cute huh ctfu 
thanks for the info 
just told my mommy how much i love and care for her 
even tho u will not see this .. I am home sick , but other than that I am great ! how are you today ? ur the sweetest btw ! much love ! 
my dad is always right he knows best ! ! i love my daddy our relationship ! ! 
nothing wrong . entirely a personal choice 
everyone follow she is really nice and has good chat 
hi ed come to australia <3 xx 
grates power points + the stuff i actually understood in hilliard's class = an outstanding essay 
you get major points if you are not too sappy ... we ... even though says I will die alone aha 
who is this hottie ? ? ) 
awe okay baby bye :') goodnight , sleep  will , and sweet dreams " dream about me and juju " gonna miss yew more <3 
it seems too good to be true , but i do not want to wake up out of it . 
echo cd is on repeat right now ! i love every song & voices of & 
yeah just days before confirm and you decide to cut .. 
you can get like norwich on the train for 8.50 depending on the date ! 
we on the phone now 
lol okay thanks tyson 
 will , thank you for the visit , glad you enjoyed 
size small please 
lavina ' my pics a little too much ! hahaha oh will ! 
waking up to the sound of birds chirping 
today was fkin dope . i was chef for the whole class leading niggas & telling em what to do . 
rt words of an adulterer ! lorita baby u are finer than ur fine cousin ... 
..  will , the sky is blue today ! . 
caught me child on sky this morning . good morning world 
hi thank you very much for the rt ! 
seriously what time though ? h aha love you dude . turn that frown upside down x 
i saw your cute little face in the stands 
believe it boo ! what happened today was amazing ! and now we are seeing them in a few short hours xoxox 
lol dw they are nothing ignore my twitter complaints ha-ha if they get worse I will go doctors 
yap , team from indonesia 
morning charlotte , you are up early . have a great day i am off playing golf later ! 
i do not mind who is getting it 
all the recent photo shoots i have had are now on line at - check ' em out ! 
" what is up with you " i really been busy , just trying to do the right thing 
do you like harry potter ? and hunger games ? 
thanks for the history things 
i should be mad , but for some reason I am not 
a bit of both an erstwhile sports journalist ! 
ha-ha not for me ! and yea ! ! ! and meh it is going good i guess getting amazing marks and shiz lol 
I am not proud to say this but please stop poisoning other people's mind . stop feeding them with your insecurities . stop it . stop it . night ! 
looking mighty fine in your new twitter icon ! x 
most economists agree that higher vat's r the way to go ( hit / got 4 us ) , but try selling that to the double-double masses ! 
i love the bethlehem store 
i have to be honest , i could listen to them 
they will trust x 
good to know <3 
i know ! :/ hey did you know that demi is coming here ! she will play in argentina ! 
it is my birthday in 14 days could i please get that follow from you as a gift ? <3 <3 
did the cookbooks win ? 
hi , can you follow me on please please , . kisses from france x 2032112 2 
i finally get to see poetic justice , all at one time not just parts of it 
i can be the sweetest girl you have ever met , but when you get on my bad side all he will breaks loose 
good night to our loveless hero xx 
I am staying single for a while i need to focus on me instead of girls ! ! but I am still gonna have fun single life going ok for now 
thanks for the rt renovation 
happy happy birthday to yer lovely breath ! 
rt getting gassed to in my tech class , my teacher is like wtf lol posh prick ! ! 
wow , i actually think it is awesome ! 
hey there ! ! ! 
shoutout to she is a directioner and follows back 
lol . do you work tomorrow ? better get to bed woman ! 
aha ! only chatting would 
really ? lolol sounds like a top lad 
courteous of my lovely friend knows what to do when a girl feels down 
mexico is now very late , so I will go to sleep , i hope to hear from you when you wake up , wish me good night 
the biggest day eye sweetheart 
do not worry , we will not tell anyone ! our little secret ( live on 
oh hahha yes must bond my classmates we are bonded through orientation so we got very close hahha somehow joyous ! ^ ^ 
thanks twit neighbor ff 
to right mark  will said dude 
i think those of us that work there would beg to differ aha . 
god is good all the time . he is there for you in good times and he also stays with you during your bad times . ) ) 
it is gonna be a good weekend 
, now following back best friend ! ) 
alright whale wanker :p glad we did not go jogging hannah ! xx 
lolol when people sub-tweet me you are cute af 
and star power rt tush & orange juice and burn after rolling are my favorite viz halfback mix tapes 
thank you ! i love you more <3 and my ppl love u too 
do i want it in the kitchen ? i said he will yeah 
wanna meet me half way later bitch so i can have my jeans back ? ) ) 
bc football feelings are chelsea are going through but do not know how ! ! ! 
thanks for the shout out 
the scent of freshly cut grass 
never slow cooked pork chops before . i have done them over low heat on the skillet . crockpot I have done shoulder and butt 
look up quotes on google 
the older i get , the more i see the power of that young woman , my mother 
aw the smiths on at work . very unexpected surprise 
oh right i see :') what time will it be ? like english time ? go 
that a boy . next time you come we will plan something excellent and will hold you to that . 
chattahoochee the fuck up 
thanks for the follow you guys sound amazing 
when my headphones are on , i am in my own dream world . 
it just makes me feel like my efforts to overcome difficult situations are not wasted when people can see the difference . 
oh of course lol our whole universe was in a hot dense state 
ctfu , you could a said that :p & tell her i said hi 
my phone never notified me of your reply ! aw thank you i can deft come now , wop , see you at 8 x 
lantaran to si bar eh . di na kit a gusto eh . actually , hamal na kit a eh : " > ) ) ) 
totally agreed viv 
yahoo thank you ) night , see in the am . 
you are just as in love with the hunger games as i am at the moment , it seems . love that . 
could i ask that you follow me ? I had like to send you a couple of d m's . many thanks 
chillin with mat and brittany stay strong <3 
either is soo cute 
day my bestie i have not seen in 2 years coming to see me today 
when will ftsk be announced for warped tour 2012 ? lol I am seriously hoping you guys will be there x 
nf my brother gf follow back 
g'night then 
ready to start cosmo ! 
i told my mum it is a pug or a baby - she is warming to the idea 
no i have not spent it , still got 120 but I am planning on spending it here 
i actually like being single , it means that riding solo can be my theme song ) my jam 
but then again , it is unique 
these are on sale for $ 10.00 ! amazing ! seriously go look at their sale section . love shoes 
16 days and no self harm