convincing introspect 6 ( difficulty 10 of 10 object : disassemble and reassemble the wooden pieces this beautiful quo ... 
glad i dot have tanks tomorrow ! ! thankful start ho 
1-3 vs celtics in the regular season = we are fucked if we play them in the playoffs 
i could actually kill that girl I am so sorry ! ! ! 
i find that very hard to believe I am afraid 
wish i could be out all night tonight ! 
i got kicked out the w gm 
rt yes she is ! u tell it ! my lips are closed okay 
why is she so perfect 
hi harry ! did u have a good time in us ? i did not get 2 see u maybe next year ! follow me back if u can , would bea dream come true x 
introduction to programming with c + + ( 2nd edition this solid foundation in the basics of c + + programming will ... 
introduction to programming with c + + ( 2nd edition this solid foundation in the basics of c + + programming will ... 
introduction to programming with c + + ( 2nd edition this solid foundation in the basics of c + + programming will ... 
I am white . aw 
dan i love and miss you ! do not be sad where is the general 
so many wonderful building in dc but still miss you 
it is annoying because i secretly find it so good ... 
the post-boom in spanish american fiction ( sony series in latin american and iberian thought and culture what ... 
layers of the heart ( paperback this journey was inspired by a recent robbery that took place in the united sta ... 
layers of the heart ( paperback this journey was inspired by a recent robbery that took place in the united sta ... 
guess who text ed me again and wants us back ( ( ( 
2 farrow ( v a litter offenbach ; fulfill dispersal of piglets ~ continued 
99000 people at barca's ground tonight are gonna see chelsea get obsolete destroyed ! the other million will have to watch on telly 
llb 07 the show ( video game mlb 07 : the show 
rt if justin bieber is not following you 
rt if justin bieber is not following you 
rt if justin bieber is not following you 
why should i even care ? she do not want my white ass anyways 
ugh idk why i got my hopes up ! ! ! my plans never work out ! ! ! 
um playing trials rd and ignoring the fact i need to be up at 7 
trying to get tickets for the vancouver show too . row 1 for $ 1500 ? ha not happening 
04x27 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.5 " wide complete american maple brown frame ( 17015 this frame is m ... 
so i missed music class ! does this mean ! .. mi ago fail tha test thurs .. ... cuz mi nah study all that music 
not when I am straight and I am taller than the cute boys 
bloodied not worth fighting to get . decent combat , visuals stay same all game , and story non-existent . 
i really want him to do something special and spontaneous ... gotta feeling something wrong , so dat will not be happening 
bye bye beach and buddies ( @ fort lauderdale international airport ( fl ) w / 47 others ) 
damn it , just saw a spoiler that told me how joffrey dies . now there will not be as much satisfaction when i see it on tv . game of thrones 
just realized i still do not know what my prom dates tux looks like .. him .. sub tweet super obvious sub tweet show me < 
marion simmer bradley's ravens of avalon [ with earphones ] ( p layaway adult fiction marion simmer bradleys bellow ... 
why do i get treated like this 
they are the best cookies that I have tried . but ig you do not even like chewy cookies , so maybe they would not appeal to you 
hash afraid not stir fry veg and chicken 
we always have finals on saturdays 
[ rivals ] war room 4/23 ( rivals david lockwood and spencer leftwich are just two a ... arizona 
ow I am very sorry : ' - ( but I am not too know angles ... therefore : ' - ( 
I am not surprised you should not do that ! ! xx 
all these people that meet and get died by her .. still have not had my first tweet 
suffering from post-festival disorder 
their not getting divorced ! 
hahahah ok ok sorry do you like the name evey ? xd 
hahahah ok ok sorry do you like the name evey ? xd 
hahahah ok ok sorry do you like the name evey ? xd 
omfg ... they did a hello kitty shoot on ant m ... so jealous ! 
stab in the heart . i really wanted to be your friend on face book 
walther proteus 2000 ho scale diesel emu fay powered - standard dc - soo line 2225 - b with mars light ( red , white 
i am watching t . v nothing is on 
assalamualaikum .. morning people .. have to stay awake even though my eyes are too heavy 
everyones at yd ... could not get an invite ? ! 
you guys honestly suck 
medium cherry & black 60 " corner tv stand by powell - medium wood ( 533-275 contemporary 60 " wide corner tv sta ... 
or soda torin miniskirt - complete essentials kit ( european outlet plug , clear touch anti-glare the miniskirt - co ... 
i just wanna text him . only him ... he is the one person that can cheer me up 
hannah you know it ! I am on a mission .. it is killing me though 
> what if i wanted to hang out on your 18th birthday . 
cables to go 03011 dibs female / female null modem cable , beige ( 6 feet / 1.82 meters our line of null modem series ... 
i do not know joey 
only a week and a half left of freshman year sad tweet 
only a week and a half left of freshman year sad tweet 
emotionally taken for granted 
thanks for trying wives but he will not call 
women's terrell moan waterproof ( 5.5 m in dusty olive 
it is clearly that i miss my young sisters . when i played with a 6 year old girl i felt it ! 
wish he made an under 18 ' s x 
pouring rain outside . wish i could go out 
science test tomorrow ? not the deal ! 
where you at anyways ? rt i miss u 
tht had to be one of the worst voice mails i ever got 
i know thought i would a been over it by now aha 
loiter squad need to hurry up n come on 
pigskin nsfw sexy hot blonde ready for the game of love ( 1 
hannah wants playing at dc on saturday , so wanna go not fair rr 
jersey shore 13x25 custom picture frame / poster frame 2 " wide complete black wood frame (8 941 this frame is m ... 
is not it strange to call it " past " when we keep thinking of it every second ? ! ! 
star tribe economy boat hook ( 4-8- feet telescoping pole extends from 4 ( 124 cm ) to 8 ( 243 cm ) with a special f ... 
i love carbon ! my first rouge coco and i adore it ! too bad i smooched it in the cap . tragedy 
coastal walks : normandy and brittany ( footpaths of europe 
what are you confident in ? ( a devotional ) ( " I will use the three hundred men ... " judges 7:7 endurance and confide ... 
what is happened ? x 
" the worst way to miss a person is to be sitting right beside them knowing things will never be the same . " fml 
so justin is in london and i am off to school 
the two of you have to talk when you are both not upset na ! ! > < tamas na gait pareto lang pyongyang malfunction . 
ruminate traumatic ( potency : lam 25 ruminate traumatic is a homeopathic remedy available as medicated sugar speller ... 
there is actually no coffee in my house breaking down 
seriously what about jerking-off a strapon ? rt the penalty for masturbation in indonesia is decapitation . 
k ! hopeless an packaging . editing pictures is not that easy . seriously i really need help shitty 
hi hi ... . bt i havnt hav anything 
sex , straight up ( harlequin blaze ) ( mass market paperback meeting a handsome loner on a deserted beach in the ... 
wondering when she will talk to me again 
i feel like being in the bed resting ' i did not feel like coming to school today 
learned to play irish fiddle 1 ( david kevin burkes easygoing manner and encouraging teaching style invite yo ... 
learned to play irish fiddle 1 ( david kevin burkes easygoing manner and encouraging teaching style invite yo ... 
and all the days you let me cry ! ! 
antagonistic _ by loaning .. if you we are still in the group chat you would know this 
oom f play to much . 
48 " three-drawer chest by hooker furniture - natural wood ( 977-85- 122 48 " three-drawer chest . this credenza a ... 
for the person who asked why I am always bent over in photos , good question . i do not know , maybe cause I am quite tall and i hate my height 
i can not tell you , none of her college mate shave heard about her or seen her in 2 days , 
oh ... i thought ... you know , that we would ... you , know ... never mind ... 
why is the house so cold 
heir then how ? we can not whitespace like a boss all tmrw refresh again ! 
but i was nice all day 
stronghold legends ( dvd-rom relive 3 of the greatest legends of history product information an rts experience fr ... 
why am i still sick 
i wish i could play an instrument 
buckle sombong tp keynesian mask ni jh on twitter , hew hew 
i know thanks . team lil rowdy 
i miss being at the sports alex all the time ! i love that place . 
druid quest ( paperback in first century ad britannia , after burning the oaken groves and the druid priest , the ... 
" in pizza hut with these goons ! i gin miss wednesday's with them <3 <3 jealous : $ 
belgian soho dissolved vga and use 2 port in / out kev switch ( black ) ( personal computers with belkin's newly red ... 
belgian soho dissolved vga and use 2 port in / out kev switch ( black ) ( personal computers with belkin's newly red e ... 
ask the critic ? your foodie cs answered cc : ( + 3 others 
rt <--- the real < - __ - ) > boss . - - facts ! ! ! 
idk , lol h aha i heard it was crazy ( ( ( 
idk , lol h aha i heard it was crazy ( ( ( 
not enough sleep 
not enough sleep 
not enough sleep 
not enough sleep 
that is good it will help ! you can not miss it you will fail the whole thing 
mons go berber , another teacher come and teach us , but he dint teach us anything wasting time only 
i heard but i am as motivated as ever ! do you still have your david laureen insanity is a beast ! one day & i gave up . 
sham u believe dived ( sea world ) ( dived the title of this show is called " believe this is a show about the killer ... 
season finale of fantasy factory in an hr 
too bad .. i super wanna watch the avengers .. 
that is a pic of your last ballet class before you go to college ... gonna miss you so much tweet 
garrison chance has less fans heriberto he will be here on april 24-28.why do not u guys come to taiwan ( come here please 
" but did you even know about the trimurti , ahimsa and moksha before year 9 ? " / lol go away allow me ok 
aw that is what you have ? 
do you ever get it when you miss someone so much your heart hurts xoxo 
original pocket fickle miniature set ( yellow dice one of the world's best dice games , pocket farkel is a fun , ... 
original pocket fickle miniature set ( yellow dice one of the world's best dice games , pocket farkel is a fun , ... 
for the first time in my life i can say that tara let me down ms que dun club 
I am sorry but with gary callahan in deference are going to get destroyed . baker to win by 2 
just wondering , where did you get that case from ? : o and it is heaps hard to find pretty i phone gsa cases 
pee-wee's playhouse 1 - seasons 1 and 2 ( dvd studio : image entertainment release date : 09/04 / 2007 
so bad at this logo's game 
so i come to my room and it is freezing ... this double duvet and blanket better cut it begging poverty eh ? . sorry . 
wine glass I had tags ( card symbols these durable snap-on clips let your guest identify his or her own stemware g ... 
wine glass I had tags ( card symbols these durable snap-on clips let your guest identify his or her own stemware g ... 
wine glass I had tags ( card symbols these durable snap-on clips let your guest identify his or her own stemware g ... 
him , bar ca to win 3-1 i think 
please wish me luck i have my english exam today ! 
i took pictures from a donkey's rectum ( ( ( / issuestemporaryrestrainingorderaswell / 
fly fishing colorado's major 6 ( dived 2 dvd set on fly fishing and instructional materials from top guides ! ever ... 
fly fishing colorado's major 6 ( dived 2 dvd set on fly fishing and instructional materials from top guides ! ever ... 
rt massive gud luck 2 da boys 2 day let end a decent season on a high so pissed i can not play thou ... 
mondale * arc ( news mondo * arc 1.0 device : ios ipad only category : news price : free , version : 1.0 ( itunes ) description : ... 
getting a random text saying " hey was listening to michael jackson made me think of you hope you are ok " ffs 
h okay this day is taking the mick seriously anything else wanna happen ? at breaking point right now 
battery grip for canon eos 50d , 40d , 30d & 20d ( mp - 511a li-ion batteries the perfect replacement grip for the ... 
I will have to spam my man soon . i feel like a horrible girlfriend coz i have not yet and he is done it twice . 
i think i lost one of my rings 
he cried after the match it was heartbreaking < \ 3 
i have one gma left my moms mom . i sure miss my gma and wish i had more time with my gap . miss them ! 
this weather is so mining 
embassy large genuine leather purse ( apparel embassy large genuine leather purse . measures 141/2 " x 91/2 " x 51 ... 
embassy large genuine leather purse ( apparel embassy large genuine leather purse . measures 141/2 " x 91/2 " x 51 ... 
please pray for her and her family in syria during this time . they must be in so much shock ya rab . 
mk i could cry I am so unfit ! 
lol of course , there was more people just no room 
searching up university s in a library while eating a ginger bread man ... i need to loose weight but i can not seem to stop eating 
this gurl is tollway off line y na 
dell inspire 2500 pi 850 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for dell inspire ... 
dell inspire 2500 pi 850 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for dell inspire ... 
dell inspire 2500 pi 850 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for dell inspire ... 
dell inspire 2500 pi 850 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for dell inspire ... 
dell inspire 2500 pi 850 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for dell inspire ... 
i hate it when people do not put any smile in a text . it makes me feel like I am the only person who has emotions 
oh nice , i might miss them then 
vector ? electrolyte 1000w rechargeable generator ( lawn & patio generate the power you need where you need it w ... 
green with envy : a whole new way to look at financial ( run ) happiness ( paperback a silent struggle with our mine ... 
5 am already and i can not sleep ( 
20x28 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.25 " wide complete distressed maple brown frame ( 26032 this frame i ... 
lol do not worry it is going to rain later apparently lol 
all i want is my morning text an a lil convo to keep my day goin that is all 
i guess i will not get a " happy birthday " tweet from 
2 amigos design protector skin decal sticker for apple cookbook pro 17 inch ( original , separate crockpot button ... 
hasbro dream town rose petal cottage : rose petal lounge chair ( toy 
hasbro dream town rose petal cottage : rose petal lounge chair ( toy 
please follow me ? everytime i ask i get a follower but it turns out it is not you 
glasses are so scratched i can not see through them , blind with or without glasses now 
anyone brand coupler - 1 - phone recording device ( office supply / other sanyo brand coupler - 1 - phone recording ... 
anyone brand coupler - 1 - phone recording device ( office supply / other sanyo brand coupler - 1 - phone recording ... 
this has gt to b da worse hangover ever i can not stop puking 
and it really sucks that i have i wait til i got home to see her 
naw ... if to miss it , so did you . sry rt oh ... you just are not ( cont ) 
what is wrong with everyone to day it is friday " it is friday friday getting down on friday " lol i love friday if that beth girl would stop 
sick . somebody come take care of me 
mike cataclysmic self-paced training kit ( exam 70-432 microsoft sql server 2008 - implementation and maintenance ... 
I have got all the worst lessons on fridays 
recent developments on debris flows ( lecture notes in earth sciences the book gives a general overview of recs ... 
had 2 make a new twitter so help me out 
nicole tortures me by tickling me to death ( ( 
sit and reach > ( ( 
digital spectrum memory frame mf - 8104 premium 10.4- inch wireless digital frame ( electronics the mf - 8104 wireless ... 
please notice me I have been trying since the day you got twitter , 28th march 2009 , please ? believe i love you 37 
stomach ache i juss ate too much tonight ! ! * doris voice * 
the feeling of dentist later makes me wanna cry 
there is a man in the corner who reminds me of the ginger scary man from holiday scary ginger oh no not good news 
so fruitful a fish ( biology and resource management series aquaculture , or " fish farming " is a rapidly growing ... 
h aha i know , what is happening to me hate studying stress when i am so stressed ! ! 
socratic :: a child of cambodia ( children of the world ( black birch ) ) ( hardcover 
socratic :: a child of cambodia ( children of the world ( black birch ) ) ( hardcover 
cute toddler lady bug costume ( 2-4 t everyone's favorite little lady bug has just become the most adorable lit ... 
cute toddler lady bug costume ( 2-4 t everyone's favorite little lady bug has just become the most adorable lit ... 
the book of the unknown : tales of the thirty-six ( paperback marvelous and mystical stories of the thirty-six a ... 
aurora plush 12 " esmeralda flossie ( toy aurora only uses lock washer or embroidered eyes and nose for safety . 
i want to go to prom w ah 
dell inspiron mini duo fanatic convertible laptop / tablet ( foggy night sometimes you want to touch . sometimes y ... 
dell inspiron mini duo fanatic convertible laptop / tablet ( foggy night sometimes you want to touch . sometimes y ... 
dell inspiron mini duo fanatic convertible laptop / tablet ( foggy night sometimes you want to touch . sometimes y ... 
why can not i be at least be a pro skater and travel around the world and skate my life away 
are we going to get a discount on shabby anytime soon ? it is stuck at 57 right now . 
. 500 ( a ) , . 94 ( b ) , . 2497 ( c ) , stainless steel , two piece welded cost . , plain shank fixture ball ( 1 each 
hp compaq pavilion aperitif notebook / laptop battery kamilah ( high capacity replacement hp compaq pavilion iv ... 
rethinking retention in good times and bad : breakthrough ideas for keeping your best workers ( hardcover how do ... 
i know . i wish i did not give him another chance now not after what I have found without I had given someone else 2nd chance 
jeremy is in boston and I am gonna be in fred tonight sorry cma 
happy doing the survey , i damn busy with school & work no time spare for her survey 
americans : latino life in the united states ( paperback this spirited bilingual book accomplishes a rare feat - ... 
we are so close yet so far away . I am literally a few hours away from you depressed 
rip dick clark . you will be missed . 
basic cell culture protocols ( methods in molecular biology in this fully revised edition of an established cal ... 
" odin ! ! " ( i never get tired of this science vs . norse myth comic 
i just want to cry i feel so sick right now diagnosis : the flue 
but it will not stop me crying myself to sleep tonight lol 
something is wrong with my phone , not working ... keep ya posted . 
i almost forgot about one of my best friends d: I am such a horrible person ! ! ! 
wish i could come on your tour x 
float f aux fur rugs 3 ' x 5 ' ( celery green the look and feel of real fur ... even the rabbits are jealous ! our ... 
no , that is all I have been doing i worked all weekend :/ 
i wish you stop saying that . if i did not i would not have said it ! > 
i really wish it was an actual test & not a paper 
why do i always have to ruin a good thing ? 
12 inch 4 pin maalox male to ( 2 ) pin sat a ii female power cable ( sleeved 12 inch 4 - pin maalox male to two 15 - pi ... 
plainview thinkpad army 2628 - duo 128mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 128mb picot drams so-dim for plainview thin ... 
superman on the cover . that is a fine publication ( via 
want a rt off you we are amazing last night ! 
historic print ( l be unaware of your underwear : this is a museum quality , reproduction print on premium paper ... 
i was gonna do the one where we analyst a research method , but now I am analyst a tv procurement you ? have not started yet 
studying for science nerd mode 
aw I am sorry maybe it is because the slides how is a larger , more elegant script . 
ibm freethinker a52 8160 gb memory ram kit ( zambezi ) ( a-tech brand gb ddr 2-533 ( pc - 4200 ) kit ( zamboni ) for ... 
44 ( 5-2 solar cell that also shines : luminescent ' led-type ' design breaks efficiency record solar efficient led 
i see a dozen women a day a work . but it does not compare to seeing my boo everyday miss her 
today has fuckin dragged soo bad ! still got hour n a half left . fml i cba 
not even joking , why does not anyone believe me 
I am not one the phone with jada anymore 
fucked my throat swollen i look fat * cry s * emergency mackinaw my mum make me mara * now now lol 
I am gonna be awake for awhile lol 
all i wanna do is see my boyfriend tomorrow feel like crying 
i can not sleep anymore 
i can not sleep anymore 
dob dba 411x street series gold disc brake rotor ( cross-drilled and slotted ) ( front , vented disc brakes austral ... 
went up town to buy a brianna t-shirt , there was no good ones ! i only ike the ones where she has red hair 
i want to see dream theater but it is so impossible 
the venture bros . - season two ( david an inspired spoof of 1960s action cartoons such as " johnny quest , " the gen ... 
the venture bros . - season two ( david an inspired spoof of 1960s action cartoons such as " johnny quest , " the gen ... 
i cried when i lost my mum and dad 
i really think he is gay - sorry 
h aha , i know ! you could have taken the piss out of me there 
heaven is not verbose : a notebook ( vera pavlova prose from poetry magazine why poetry is like earthworms , thou ... 
ite ise how you get on to man dah one hurt doe 
business forms , customs and accounts , for schools and colleges ( 1894 originally published in 1894 . this volvo ... 
> . < .. hmp u better call before i make my way over there & hug u 
my phone is dying where is my charger ? ? ? 
amika ionic tourmaline hair dryer ( giraffe the new professional nrg drying system harnesses the unique ionic a ... 
i can not ! that is when I am a bridesmaid i definitely think a cheeky getaway end of august / beginning of sept ? 
i have my car already planned out , can not wait till i can start working on it . 20 months till i can buy it though sad tweet 
special : white oval platter , 12.5 " ( 07-0121 item : 07-0121 . special order item customers also search for : di ... 
lol rt wen mi mada used to beat mi 
has to be the worst day of my life 
this is what I had hoped but i still do not think i can watch it 
why does have to be so smart thought of her leaving me to face college alone sad ab 
i honestly need to stop following back non english twitter accounts . they have taken over twitter at this hour 
1 1/4 ( a ) , 1 3/4 ( b ) , capacity - 1 " to 1 1/2 dial . , full vinyl coating , spring steel , gripper clip ( 1 each grip ... 
this is my fav version of the song : friendly fires - blue cassette ( cover via 
stop dating jerks ! : the smart woman's guide to breaking the pattern & finding the love of your life ( paperback ... 
stop dating jerks ! : the smart woman's guide to breaking the pattern & finding the love of your life ( paperback ... 
lucas , eu te ago . i do not speak portuguese . but i support you every single day from venezuela , say hi novelist xx 
how sad .. bayern beats real madrid , to play chelsea in final via 
5x5 rts from fas someone 
now that dh is done you should watch it is going to make you taught ! is so adorable 
that you agreed upon and that it was your will that i should remain . 
sapped men's race endurance + polyester solid brief swimsuit ( apparel the speedo solid endurance men's brief s ... 
gymnastics ( sports challenge presents basic information on the essential skills , techniques , and equipment for ... 
what if he is not there though 
bad ones 
aw naw , done messed up them sexy elbows 
hannah he will just scream at me . i offered him coke with ice before as a bribe and he was like ' no . ' * goes back to gaming * 
i ordered stuff but not this weekend blah i do not have money to order more 
I am just waiting for the day you will notice me , waiting is not fun 89 
do not you guys feel restless in class ? these days the weather so hot 
) ) what are they gonna do 
why i do the things i do sometimes , i myself will never understand . sad tweet 
" ( 570 I will never be able to have sex on these sheets . I had have to cover up the eyes of every single elmo . " 
venal porting leather 5 pen tray ( black your personal collection of watches , jewelry , writing instruments an ... 
starting and operating a business in utah ( starting and operating a business in the u . s . starting and operating ... 
starting and operating a business in utah ( starting and operating a business in the u . s . starting and operating ... 
micro star int . stigma - ls gb memory ram kit ( zambezi ) ( a-tech brand gb ddr - 266 ( pocono ) kit ( zambezi ) for mic ... 
mourning dove - audubon plush bird ( authentic bird sound mourning dove . plush squeeze bird which sounds off th ... 
mourning dove - audubon plush bird ( authentic bird sound mourning dove . plush squeeze bird which sounds off th ... 
lexmark brand x5250 - 1 - 34 high black ink ( office supply / ink jet ink lexmark brand x5250 - 1 - 34 high black ... 
amazon usa 800 faith - four week mini bible study ( becoming press mini bible studies heather biller . in this ... 
i wonder if they still sell span birthday cap ... i want to buy 
me too . dinners on you yeah ^ _ ^ 
now playing song " kill everybody " - skrillex scary monsters and nice sprites ( deluxe tour edition ) ) 
hate tessy like this all alone .. freaky songs keep karmen on and er damn movie or show i watch has sex scenes fml lol 
" today is a sad day for football ... " very ! ! ! 
mu lath edita ike thalia ana eb bale ! ! 
feel like i have not seen in a yr 
wallas , i ppm then lcd , so actually i am the reverberation huan . 
school on monday ... i hate it so much . - sobs - 
box-a - 47 " hockey sticks ( 48 pack these extra sturdy sticks are made of rigid cyclic type abs plastic and com ... 
i wish ! going to give kos a try this year x 
missing and my confuse 
04x06 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.5 " wide complete antique gold wood frame (8 783 this frame is manual ... 
i hope so always make silly mistakes ! thanks though <3 
thank you triton looks like i will not be finishing the a-team again 
i wish you could just come home today . i need u 
similar advance early shield baby formula , ready to feed , 32 - fluid ounces ( pack of 6 ) ( health and beauty new , ... 
i think buckwheat is on the way 
rehearsal without kyu 
i have unit open day in liverpool . i had tickets and everything . i hope it goes will x 
come back to indonesia grey ! ! i have not lived to see a concert of yours . it is the last time you come to indonesia ? 
is there somebody else on your mind ? 
crying myself to sleep some people are just so unbelievable ! 
what happened to u 3 man 
pbx photo studio tent 30 " new complete with 800 watts of light plus 6 ' stands by pbl ( electronics this is the ... 
yes especially those two they we are awesome were not they ? ha 
green initiative restructured black laser toner cartridge for hp 55a ( eczema restructured replacement cart ... 
i hate it when my eraser goes missing > 
pray for family 
battery for as us l8400 ( 4400 mah , deena cell count : 8 capacity : camacho compatible parts : bartlett 8400 , 90 - norbert ... 
battery for as us l8400 ( 4400 mah , deena cell count : 8 capacity : camacho compatible parts : bartlett 8400 , 90 - norbert ... 
waiting for aphrodite : journeys into the time before bones ( paperback " we humans are a minority of giants , stu ... 
waiting for aphrodite : journeys into the time before bones ( paperback " we humans are a minority of giants , stu ... 
you think so ? 
have i missed the bus oh 
qr ( 1 of 2 meta world peace has not really lived up to his name now suspended 7 games for elbow on james harden . sports pr chat 
my phone will not let me upload my pics to instagram 
multimillionaires let us between this guise , please . i can not do it alone 
ruth : under the wings of god ( hardcover this beautifully illustrated cycle of poems by john piper sheds light ... 
m551 sheridan : us ambulance tanks 1941-2001 ( new vanguard ) ( paperback one of the weaknesses of airmobile force ... 
what ! ! ! why ! ? ? i wanna go kent ! 
thanks for the inclusion 
some good tips ( and some myth busting " squeeze the most juice out of your i phone or i pad battery " 
do not say that cause you are usually right . ( ( ( 
driving home was a bitch has my pizza now miss time 
" that is a wrap ! end of an era ! desperate housewives warhol 
nobody wants to go to the river fest with me ! 
hhs damn i mean if i was in the 412 we could chill but obviously not .. haha def meet up this summer ! 
kohler k -4403-47 kathryn toilet tank , almond ( tank only kohler k -4403-47 kathryn toilet tank , almond carry the ... 
aw it is pretty cool game btw 
i am the worst procrastinator ever . 
so I have just had my first needle stick injury . on my way to broad green for a hepatitis b injection 
sony alpha st p-ss ham / c shoulder strap ( cream stylish camera strap - the cream st p-ss ham / c shoulder strap makes ... 
i forgot to put the ham in my ham sandwich 
aw me neither i might go to sleep soon though 
maize tidal rep and answer my call 
lindsey pavlov - please do not go 
i have prom boo 
I will cry if it does not , it is my 16th if they do not let me I will disown them and live in a box 
rt i like frank better . rt ' back to black ' is an amazing album . < < < i like ' frank ' -> 
you are smoking ? how old are you ? that is bad you know ! xx 
i wanna do something really amazing for my mom for mothers day , but idk what . 
and i want lasagna or pizza from pizza hut 
i can not see it though , what is the date of it ? and my mum can not get them tomorrow as she is really busy at work ( 
handstands motivational mouse pad , vision ( electronics become motivated with the motivational mouse pads . chop ... 
she just said i was gonna get wrinkles ... awesome 
marketing : stop marketing . start engaging . ( kindle edition from one of the leading experts in viral and soc i ... 
no u idiot it was on ur pics i was looking at that 
i miss you see ? i can not live a day without you . 
dear airbus : it is not good mood food when the drive thru leaves out the arby's sauce ... especially since I am now at home ... 
bed time for me the baby is all full now as am i an now i need some sleep from this crappy past couple of days 
3x14 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.265 " wide complete black wood frame ( bk this frame is manufacture ... 
thoughts at martial why are the lines so long ! 
no i have to stay up i have homework still i procrastinate too much .. why can not you sleep 
serious ? ! fair play ! did you buy it in the apple shop ? because my lock button went all dodge , but i got it in phones wu 
why did not i get chop sticks with this chinese food ? da fuq 
riding the waves : a life in sound , science , and industry ( hardcover the life and work of renaissance man leo b ... 
any part of me that can be crossed is crossed for you . i know I am being a killjoy , but it crushed me when i did not get it . 
my heart goes out to this little boy that just came in & had a heart attack & he is with his friends they do not know what is really going 
her last good tour , i should have went . elise opened for her and everything 
should be a long day tmrrw 
hopkins 46255 power taillight converter ( misc . these units completely isolate the tow vehicle from trailer mal ... 
lowrance gk - 9 kimball knobs ( set of 2 lowrance gk - 9 gimbal knobs set of compatibility with the following units : ... 
this was monday ... now the sun is in weather 
my hair is pissing me off lately bored of it 
cranberry juice is amazing but not when you fucking breathe it in dying 
just wondering bc i did mt talk to you today 
i know i wish i was there to 
i had the best quality time , thank you so much see ya soon I will miss ya 
it is cold and I am running out of sweatpants ... i do not want to pull on jeans way 
I am so sick of hypoing all the time ! it is a horrible feeling 
artery kiwi deflector shampoo , 33.8- ounce bottle ( health and beauty experience kiwi coloreflector , a hair c ... 
ewe omg i stink . i just smell my body and i totally stink ! gosh what to do ? ? ? 
i used to have this tabby cat , then we had to give it away ! now i have 2 lil white fluffy maltese dogs ! :d 
please help me can you promote me ? 
bo you who are 
got an injection at school tomorrow I am so nervous please may i have a tweet ? x 25 
quarantine at alexander abraham's ( road to lavonne as sunday school teacher rachel lynde sets out to alexander ... 
women's imaging , an issue of ultrasound clinics ( the clinics : radiology ultrasound is one of the most frequent ... 
i need a horn hug . i have a fever , bad cough , and ache everywhere 
what ! ? i love those girls though ! please do not cause harm to my friends 
had the worst dream ever last night 
and do not waste gasoline on us woz <3 s the planet . 
t van than eject ( ( ( ~ thu shoji = = ' 
that is the first one I have seen . it was on a slow road . i was shocked . 
bones spf society emmy slim skateboard wheels ( set of 4 this is for a set of four bones / powell 60mm skateboard ... 
bones spf society emmy slim skateboard wheels ( set of 4 this is for a set of four bones / powell 60mm skateboard ... 
gr .. ii really wanted to go to soccer . 
stop calling me that ! ! ! and i love you to x 
it looks like I am looking at a ugly bitch o damn i can not stare at it any linger 
just gave myself a headache & my aunt laugh in .. 
i feel for ch els , i know how it feels to get into it with your mother 
I am in bed sick as shit all i wanna do is cuddle be rubbed and have soup and eds handy 
just yelled at and out my window and got called a creep . lmao . 
but of course .. will not tweet me 
postcards from the edge ( of america the adventures of lewis & clark travel usa 
now @ 4.00 am oem ~ i have to get ready for bed insomnia make me crazy gatekeeper 
i can not sleep without lord , usually cigar debit will accompany me 
had a dream that i missed my flight to salt lake city for dec a arctic dec a problems 
had a dream that i missed my flight to salt lake city for dec a arctic dec a problems 
yeahs super evil . d: pity sen xiv sen 
aw  will that is no fun 
man gos vs fergus vs almaden tomorrow night to start beach weekend idk where to go * splits self into multiples * lol 
i can not find you in it ! i see you though ! we are talkin about the ascot rehearsals last year lol 
sometimes i just wanna go back to being a kid 
things in my life that are priceless 
the aristocracy of the long robe : the origins of judicial review in america ( contributions in legal studies is ... 
the aristocracy of the long robe : the origins of judicial review in america ( contributions in legal studies is ... 
de color es and other latin american folksongs for children ( anthology ) ( spanish edition bursting with color an ... 
selective gas chromatographic detectors ( journal of chromatography library this book gives a comprehensive , up ... 
wow ... i need to get better ! I am so bored 
my whole body hurts worse than it did yesterday and I am still being forced to go to school 
i have gary allen in my head , a ton of homework , a twitter addiction and another long day before friday . 
: lactation squeezer radio music player with color screen ( black usa 
my sinuses are effed up right now 
so the job interview was not great the manager was a ass 
6 coin envelope - 28 brown kraft - ( 3 3/8 x 6 ) ( box of 1000 a quantity of 1000 - 6 coin envelope made with ... 
lost a close family friend ( the barber in the small town my stepped grew up in ) , after a long fight with brain cancer . rip razor ray . 
damn i are not got nobody to be on my arm though for my birthday 
i hate hurting people , even if it is for the better 
van co avg - x swak with audio cable ( 3 feet the s-vga with audio cable is used to connect a computer , digital ... 
asus e pm seashell 1215n - putty - rd 12.1- inch netbook ( red 12.1 " / 1366x768 ( wxga ) / intel dual core atom d525 ... 
asus e pm seashell 1215n - putty - rd 12.1- inch netbook ( red 12.1 " / 1366x768 ( wxga ) / intel dual core atom d525 ... 
asus e pm seashell 1215n - putty - rd 12.1- inch netbook ( red 12.1 " / 1366x768 ( wxga ) / intel dual core atom d525 ... 
asus e pm seashell 1215n - putty - rd 12.1- inch netbook ( red 12.1 " / 1366x768 ( wxga ) / intel dual core atom d525 ... 
so cut my thumb wide open had to get stitches . but I am okay . 
thought i was gonna see my hubby on lunch but he could not make it 
smirking norway killer briefcase pleads not guilty ( reuters share with friends : | | world news - top stories news , news feeds and n ... 
your not coming to queensland 
parkinson tough book 18 512mb memory ram upgrade ( a-tech brand 512mb ddr - 266 ( pickle ) so-dim for parkinson tou ... 
ewe . i hate feeling like this ! i need to get better . wtf is wrong sick 
i miss you more when you coming back ? ? 
had a wicked week with my sis she is goin home today 
15x20 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.22 " wide complete cherry wood frame ( poacher this frame is manual ... 
can not wait to walk to work in the rain 
feel like i have 1000 knives stabbing me in the stomach . 
imation 11864 1/4 " slur 5 data cartridge , rafter , gb native /8 gb compressed data capacity ( 1 each - precision-en ... 
the introverted leader : building on your quiet strength ( paperback in our extroverted business culture , intrusive ... 
today is the saddest day but imma try to be a lil happy 
sconce i was sick I have been connectedness from twitter x vases happening world ? 
super pet chinchilla 11 - inch giant run-around exercise wheel , colors vary ( misc . run-around wheels provide fie ... 
you kinda did .. all i remember is at one point i was on the ground on the wood chips ! rude 
need you to help teach me calculus for my test tomorrow .. wish you we are here 
my mum bought me chock blob gold digger dynamite excrement because I am apparently a gold digger 
gaming it is not the same alone , getting through it though 
my dad fucking wrote on my forehead when i was asleep , people in the shop must of thought i was a right mug omg 
nope , this shits legit 
it is not gonna be the same doing karaoke on the cruise this year . it is a tradition that me & do bootylicious 
i thought u left me ! ! ! 
today is not going  will , keep dropping and knocking everything over , computer's broke and so is the heating 
all by myself ha-ha only pis baseball players will get this 
please follow me I am a fan ! ! i exist ! ! woo > . < :') ) ) 
i sent that so long ago ! ! ! x 
the woodsmen ( paperback this novel is about the classic themes of love and loss - but while it is a tale of lo ... 
damn hard to choose 
despite being called miss hewitt , really good ! my teacher is really good looking ! ! all the kids swear at each other 
kettlebells for dummies ( for dummies ( health & fitness ) ) ( paperback the way to a full-body workout with amazing ... 
at home i barely am on line .. all liberty ... here ... but now even in the fc it is just pics posted 
i felt it ! ! ! it woke me up it was scary 
cassette 2 ( american chatterbox this title features stimulating activities within a graded syllabus , giving co ... 
bhopal air owner blocked from leaving pakistan ( pakistan telegraph share with friends : | | world news - asia - pakistan news , news ... 
but i do ! ! ( bloc sedgwick ) lol rt i do not hollow people , that is mean 
ugg australia women's coquette slippers , 6 , chestnut ( apparel clog-inspired slipper , fully lined with genuine ... 
not liking this cold weather summer hurry please 
I am not normal no matter how much i eat I am never full .. food is always on my mind ! ! ! 
canon eos - 3 emmy slr camera ( body only ) ( electronics a eos - 3 slr body without the lens . the professional emmy ... 
i just am really freaking craving some rn 
nanook can not be . :/ rescinded ? 
so hungry but scared to eat feel sick 
h aha aw i know he usually does but i doubt he will if he is with us , do not think he is coming though , can not get any money x 
no , such is not life ! " anthony hamilton-pray for me ... i really messed up ka kind ! but hey , such is life " 
got a rite poorly dog 
kerry ! ! ! i totally forgot you could have used my extra ticket but i just gave it away ( ( ( 
mimesis crossbar , goalpost , disallowed goal . it was just written than they we are to lose 
looking for my old car ( phoenix some 28 years ago i traded off a car that i had and had fixed up . one of those ... 
yeah , ut this was extra shocking because my friends mom just passed away too , one week ago . i saw her hubby at the wake 
there is like 3 ... and all seniors was ! 
never had the p ... I am missing out 
nat please reply my twit . 
the one who did not asked who :p lol leo dam caught lol 
oh awk . i just realized I am to late lol 
: why is your name is asa ? pls do reply 
i know and my keys 
dead presidents . americas government on trial . ( writer don dead ex-presidents ? yes , they are deciding if th ... 
best of michael henderson ( the barbuda collection bin r04278 13 transcontinental love w / jean can ... 
dude do not do this to me , just thinking about it makes me depressed 
bridgette pro 11 ( 25 - user pack license textbridge pro 11 is the simple and fast way to convert paper into edi ... 
cables to go 37211 lb / st duplex 62.5 / 125 multi mode fiber patch cable ( 1 meter , green color-code with this 62.5 ... 
21x34 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.26 " wide complete medium brown frame ( jamaica this frame is manual ... 
i hate when i know I am about to get in trouble when i did something bad and I am trying to cover it shame on me 
my harry poster fell and I am not tall enough to put it back up 
horrible feeling when you try your best to make things work but the other person does not seem to care . 
can we work on my awkwardness ? 
wtf why not what am i gonna do without you ? ! 
silver springs mustard , beer ' n brat , 9.5- ounce squeeze bottles ( pack of 9 a four-time gold medal winner at th ... 
web design : the l line , the express line to learning ( wiley desktop editions ) ( paperback get on the fast track ... 
that feeling when everyone is playing mw3 on line but me even my parents have a ps3 ... we own like five . i need one . left out feelings 
ads 5835 : emily archer and the curse of humankind ( europe posted by tempest - 0 replies 
agree rt hawkish . during anorak metropolitan 1 and 2 3 can not beat the past series . zambian haircare . power bro ! 
aw i really really hope you feel better ! no one like you deserves this your amazing ! do not ever think different ! xoxox <3 
" this . is . too . early . " <-- yes 
uh we are not even know all that yet 
hope that is lyrics ? 
enzymatic polarization ( advances in polymer science oxireductases in the enzymatic synthesis of watercolor ... 
take me away with yous ? xx 
alex needs to stop being an egg on twitter .. 
no it is maths exam day I have been to the stadium before so I am there in spirit 
i do not know , i have swimming awards like , now , so maybe when i get home ? i do not know ! 
what do you think ! lol of course i do 
cos he parked his car shit mine was in the lines and he had a go cos he could not get in . i cried now my makeups messy 
wow I am deffo cold for the rest of the day now 
I am blind and can not find my glasses > struggle 
this feeling sucks i miss my 2 favorite teams ! 
this early morning ? u pi , hv u brushed ur teeth ? rt specialty ! rt dick rt ( cont ) 
battle of china ( 1943 
my light bill is not cool 
stainless steel shim stock assortment , 6 " x 12 " ( pack of 8 precision brand shim stock is widely used in the fo ... 
stainless steel shim stock assortment , 6 " x 12 " ( pack of 8 precision brand shim stock is widely used in the fo ... 
pulling a muscle in the arch of your foot is the most painful thing ever 
rip it ! : how to reconstruct and reconstruct the clothes of your dreams ( paperback why spend tons of money on h ... 
rip it ! : how to reconstruct and reconstruct the clothes of your dreams ( paperback why spend tons of money on h ... 
mb quart alex as-sw pw 10 - inch 250w bash powered sub woofer ( gloss white 
enzyme ad-din aliyah : morals for the heart ( classics of western spirituality ) ( paperback the first and foremost ... 
rules for writers , 5th edition ( spiral-bound rules for writers succeeds because it has always been grounded in ... 
rules for writers , 5th edition ( spiral-bound rules for writers succeeds because it has always been grounded in ... 
dunno where my phone is 
my mom would use a blender & start laughing & talkin right loud at imam when i needs be awake a am ! will pay backs a bitch mom > 
i hate how me and are drifting apart ... 
not had many new followers in a while 
i told my mom that i might come home coz i do not have warm things here , now she is all excited ! ! fml 
why is there no hot boys in this school 
hey doll ! I am blessed . how are u ? no i did not , i paid for a domain renewal via google but unable to resolve the issue 
* sigh * i miss life now . i hope she comes back . lost girl 
mario bros . ( video game mario the carpenter and brother , luigi are at it again ! this time they are battling a b ... 
hyundai 2003 tiburon ( 2.0 l 4 cyl only ) fuji cold air intake system ( polished only " a cold air intake is toad ... 
I am so sorry i can not make it ! xx 
follow back mo newman aka .. oh .. tap us na aka nag follow sawyer 
follow back mo newman aka .. oh .. tap us na aka nag follow sawyer 
07x36 custom picture frame / poster frame 2 " wide complete black frame ( 2183470 0 bk this frame is manufactured ... 
this is so sad ... rt if you hate cheaters ... < / 3 
everyone talking about world s2012 makes me wish i had cheered this year 
sneakers ( david this enjoyable thriller , written and directed by phil alden robinson ( the screenwriter of field ... 
freemasonry 2158 carrot seeds , parisian ( 450 milligram packet ferry-morse has been supplying the best in seed ... 
it is really yesterday out here 
new post : taking your iphone to europe ? read this first huffing ton post ( blog usa today taking your iphone t ... 
i know where i stand , cool 
hot : the journal of a solitary man ( webster's japanese thesaurus edition this edition is written in english . h ... 
fuji puccini serfdom case crown double memory foam compact camera case ( checkered the casecrown double memory ... 
ascot baseline volleyball short - women's ( sz . m , navy jump , set and serve in the asics baseline volleyball ... 
aw really ? ? glad you are better dude ! how u been besides the illness ? ? 
i hate this . i wish it would go away . ! ! ! 
will i like it so it is staying ! yes i know ! deffo bby gal 
this ones for volleyball , but thinking about summer basketball makes me sad 
ha wellman heartache rt 4 more days on mid term break ! ! ! where did the holiday go ? polytechnic 
wish i got to see 
i thought i can spend time with him before i cont my study next week but ... sigh 
my days been very long had a sick driving lesson though :d ahahahahah :d xx 
ray ski baby - call me what you want ( feat . ranier via spears in 
my biggest fears is getting hurt and not be able to play another basketball game ever . ( 
being up at 8 because you can not sleep in anymore > > > 
why do my mum and dad have to go out and ruin my plans ? 
if you like sent me messages on tumblr I am sorry I am on post limit and can not reply , also I have accidentally deleted them aha x 
even to see me ? 
omg it makes me so sad that pixie lot's gig is invite-only ) ) ) why why why . 
what am i going to do 
something else ( cd + dived deluxe edition includes bonus dvd of the making of something else . track listing : 1 . yo ... 
he said he will be back on the cl final , but we got disqualified ! 
omg ! ! ! : o that is rlly crazy 
awe we are you going :p guess where we are going tomorrow : o 
what is with the sad face x 
5.0 megapixel apple shaped became w / microphone ( green stay in contact with loved ones with this unique 5.0 meg ... 
she killed me by her wink ( seobaby : * 
in the mood where i just want a cuddle and to be told everything will be okay ah  will , i can dream . 
in the mood where i just want a cuddle and to be told everything will be okay ah  will , i can dream . 
in the mood where i just want a cuddle and to be told everything will be okay ah  will , i can dream . 
really bored ... no good movies are on and i do not have a book 
star wars jedi knight : dark forces 2 ( jewel case ) ( cd-rom this software is brand new . packaging may differ st ... 
wow ur such a bully and it was funny as he will u dick :p 
the fuck you doing ? rt : my hands are sticky 
trying to get a ride , this is why i can not wait to get my car next yr lol that is too long 
trim tonic ( all natural appetite management drink world's first herb-based truly effective appetite management ... 
will you ever follow me justin ? i love you so much . 
my back hurts i need a massage asap smh 
I am so tired of the funny weather one day it is hot one day it is cold only chicago weather ! ! ! 
the one where he only has one face book friend ? that gets me depressed lol 
just found out one of my favorite food places is closing may 11 
just found out one of my favorite food places is closing may 11 
audi amp - men's ( sz . 11.0 width - d , dark blue / gum kick your look up a notch with the help of the adio amp ... 
i know come out tonight ability ! 
but it is your last one ! 
ah imma be at school finals & stuff coming up 
pvt shower caps , design enid ( price / 24 pcs just need to take a simple and quick shower without hair getting ... 
partners wise crackers low fat crackers , roasted garlic rosemary , 4 - ounce boxes ( pack of 6 ) ( grocery all nature ... 
same here but unfortunately he had to change shifts can not keep eating fast food 
so tired . just wanna go to sleep 
i hate biology I am going to fail . 
2012 hp pavilion adverbial notebook battery kamilah , whys ( 6 cell high quality hp pavilion adverbial notebook ba ... 
same , google is powerful h aha . i know i wish ! 
I am at school i can not watch it please follow me liam ily 
tahiti barbie ( european market 1992 this tahiti barbie , produced in 1992 , featured barbie is a jersey dress wee ... 
tahiti barbie ( european market 1992 this tahiti barbie , produced in 1992 , featured barbie is a jersey dress wee ... 
overage exploratory guss gb memory ram kit ( gearbox ) ( a-tech brand gb ddr - 333 ( pocono ) kit ( gearbox ) for overage exploit ... 
the writing on the wall : how asian orthography curbs creativity ( encounters with asia students in japan , china ... 
ugh lucky 
ugh lucky 
h aha that is good . and yes , I am actually scared for the conditioning , i have gained a lot so .. want to see you guys too 
you will tell me all abt it as i beat myself for a sec time why i missed tht fun 
can not sleep . for the nth time 
damn ! wish i could ! my parents are coming into town ... 
rt rt rt morgen with jawed < he veranda mijn tweet sorry 
or is that punch drunk ? i miss you guys 
so went to watch angry boys that i recorded and it turns out it did not record disappointing 
they make you pretend you died in an accident and you have to write a letter to your parents saying sorry and all this 
nobody to make me feel better 
yeah me too > they suck ! and the nurses treat me like shit . 
player hater out here lol cause i duno ring ring me duh hannah whys ur name peewee , when it is joey ! smh twice 
night guys ! i have exams tomorrow .. wish me luck ! <3 
the prince of egypt soundtrack - " humanity " ( track 18 via stigma ! ! ! 
because you are a tool and do not meet me in a morning 
sugar was also missing in tonights episode i wanted to see her dance . 
sugar was also missing in tonights episode i wanted to see her dance . 
sugar was also missing in tonights episode i wanted to see her dance . 
not gonna lie , i got a bit scared aha ! sure , but this bus is going super slow ! no car today 
beyond the tears : a true survivor's story ( paperback a true story , beyond the tears begins with the suicide at ... 
could u plx notice me ? ? ? 
i know and you stopped texting me ) but i will speak , your just so pretty i get kinda nervous o . o 
your the best . love you too ! bad day 
sorry did not have none 
damn it was just a joke harsh 
it is not raining over here where i am . 
can not wait for beautiful weather to come and stay the rain makes everything so gloomy sad panda 
my friends tigger & pooh - 5 dads ( mandarin chinese edition join winnie the pooh and tigger to explore their w ... 
special : chinese series of adjectives commonly used classification of books dictionary ( paperback 
me too what is wrong sweet y ? 
duck pin ball straight flush ( 4 7/8 inch - bulbous . 8 oz . join the new rage in bowling ! novelty balls capture the i ... 
ima miss my baby when i leave for college 
omg i hope they are friends ! xx 
tk tissue tn k god am nt a boi rt " boys are like purses : cute , full of crap and can always be replaced . " 
wait what why  will great now I am sad ... wtf 
i have those too but that is so boring .. i want watermelon . omg i want summer ( ( 
another night , another dream ( kindle edition genre : full-figured heroine ; multicultural menagerie thought s ... 
biometrics 1191-01- 38 auctioneer ( kitchen durable construction , a tough , latch and weather resistant matriarch ... 
tbh , johnny still hardly tweets me :/ i feel like me and him are just friends now , and i do not know what is going on 
r . i . p to the butterfly i killed yesterday with the tennis rack . i keep thinking about it . i was tryna play with it ... lol 
victorious happy meals ? ! we do not have that here ! ! that is unfair ! ! ! 
ah seeing harry cry is so heartbreaking 
and break my glasses 
invitee d509 2600 lumen sugar 3 - d ready portable dlp projector ( white the invitee d509 sugar digital projector off ... 
u speed super speed use 3.0 4 ports pc express card [ with 4 - pin power connector ] ( electronics use ... 
( rt uncool duh rt appreciative git u duh rt ya * sensor * it u ? rt appreciative ( cont ) 
can i see you too ? like you see ? please 
machine learning methods for commonsense reasoning processes : interactive models ( premier reference source the ... 
somebody please come and rub my back 
precision brand hades 9/16 " band , heavy duty 3 - piece stainless worm gear hose clamp , 9/16 " - 1-1 / 16 " ( pack of 10 
uncharted 2 : among thieves - game of the year edition ( video game uncharted 2 : among thieves - game of the yea ... 
you never was into wins man abby 
think i need a second job ah 
I have been transported back to 1991 for some reason . young disciples - apparently nothin ' ( soul river mix 
mines messed up as  will 
rt because you can unite us , all we do is for you :') please come back ma'am missing you 
yetty good night tho ! x 
i doubt it will tbh it is gonna be an on line ting meh 
magnify 22641 direct fit catalytic converter ( non garb compliant magnify direct fit catalytic converter is ... 
magnify 22641 direct fit catalytic converter ( non garb compliant magnify direct fit catalytic converter is ... 
writers wanted $ 5 per 500 words ( us / canada only ... or canadian ) , or currently reside there to qualify for the ... 
can not fall back to sleep 
can not fall back to sleep 
can not fall back to sleep 
follow back please you are my inspiration <3 i love you ! 20 
ac ( 1.0 . 0 app which automates q unit tests 
nonprofit hospitals faulted for stinginess with charity care - np ( blog nonprofit hospitals faulted for sting ... 
summer camp ( ages 5-12 early bird special ends april 30 - save $ 25 / camp / child . details here : 
i know i really miss you ! wednesday is best for me ... 6 pm ? 
it is only 11 in the morning ... it feels like 3 pm 
magic in the shadows ( shadow run rpg ) ( paperback 
parkinson rp-hje 50 w high-quality stereo ear bud headphones with replacement ear pads ( white high quality sound ... 
h aha really got nothing to do today 
days go by : anthology ( audio cd exclusive import only compilation features tracks from his platinum and multi - ... 
days go by : anthology ( audio cd exclusive import only compilation features tracks from his platinum and multi - ... 
square wisdom : 75 * 5 calcutta samurai puzzles ( paperback a unique kind of puzzles , previously unpublished ! c ... 
i feel like a walking corpse . . attempting to sleep this cold off . the gym is definitely a no go am . 
necklace silver smokehouse jewelry 18 inches ( inkling 322 ) ( jewelry during the ancient times in india , the rowe ... 
necklace silver smokehouse jewelry 18 inches ( inkling 322 ) ( jewelry during the ancient times in india , the rowe ... 
pole ng mga tao yong , sara to the max ! 
i have to amuse myself somehow since I am bored out my tree get it sorted to see me 
can i be best friends with someone from england or the uh ? please ? no ? okay 
it was your turn 
vision mount 13.25 " universal flat panel mount - black ( 15 " - 37 " screens mufti - bk the vision mount mufti is a ... 
vision mount 13.25 " universal flat panel mount - black ( 15 " - 37 " screens mufti - bk the vision mount mufti is a ... 
hydrotherapy : evidence-based practice ( physiotherapy essentials with a new editor at the helm , electrotherap ... 
learn from life by evaluating backwards ( what happened progress with life by living life forward ( what can happen ) ! do not live in past ! 
learn from life by evaluating backwards ( what happened progress with life by living life forward ( what can happen ) ! do not live in past ! 
u have to add me though i think i deleted u a long time ago 
now here is my confession : i hate that my idols do not answer my tweets it is so sad 1 
knick s play cats tonight to bad it is not aired 
knick s play cats tonight to bad it is not aired 
it is a sad state of society when only a tragedy such as the death of a marathon runner triggers people to give to charity 
i wanna draw your face with my pencil on my paper ... but i can not 
melissa & doug sea life wooden chunky puzzle ( toy little ones can take the plunge with this colorful , chunky p ... 
lol  will i mean if you got your ears pierced 4 more times you would be doing the same :p and awe poor baby why can not you sleep ? 
coolie up f 50 + men's tropical weight long-sleeve polo - sun protective ( navy - large here is a long sleeve po ... 
sounds difficult . go to work now , ... kippie ... :-/ n-d 
i do not have the channel it is on 
: o i am brainy ! I am hurt by that comment .. x 
damn and we have to present the second to last one 
what ? ! was at the poto uk tour show last night ? ! if only I had known , would do almost anything to bump in to the lord ! ! heh 
i think he is mad at me now 
thank you , it is not just that , most of everything is getting boxed up of him x 
oh shiz , i forgot to tell you I am not going to that show . 
like that was their baby sister man 
thanks for your concern 
... * sobs * please give meh 
only messing wish you did follow me though ! 
why i sent in the I am gonna live my life video 
ye it is irritating xx 
lmao " lack ! ! ! " struggle is when you " lol " your own tweets with your 2nd account and then between them " " 
just read your tweets . i am so sorry . i hate that you have had that much trouble today . 
just wrote my mom a letter for her birthday and i ended up crying .. i love my mom 
i have my first final next thursday .. where the he will did college go ! ? i do not wanna graduate 
kodak easy share md 12.4 mp hd digital camera w / ax optical zoom , 3.0 " lcd ( black with the kodak easy share md ... 
want to eat candy but can not cause I am on a diet 
i need a new bag ( but guess what , i have no money 
go away sharyl ruining the moment . 
hey niall ! the uh misses you ! pleas notice me ! 17 
e machines emachines t2460 rugby memory ram kit ( zambezi ) ( a-tech brand rugby ddr - 266 ( pocono ) kit ( zambezi ) for em ... 
i know right ? yes 
witless cutter ! what is wrong 
libation , a bitter alchemy ( hardcover for many years , deirdre heineken has been creating an unusual , revitalization ... 
tea list native english teacher needed ! ( downtown we are looking for a native english teacher with a good perks ... 
it is okay ;d ahead oh no , so you def o can not get the money ? :/ 
I am hearing freaky voices and it is creeping me out what is happening 
waist it better be here ! 
11x17 picture frame / poster frame 1.75 " wide complete distressed black with ornate silver wood frame ( 9600 th ... 
re manufactured replacement for upsilon t099220 premium ink cartridge ( cyan this brand new compatible epsilon t0992 ... 
why does it have to rain ? why ? 
stop doing that 
i think ... I am ugly and nobody want to love me 
aw thursday ? ? rt tell the sorority we are probating this thursday at 9:20 wk u 
wish i could be at worlds right now good luck ca team senior elite world s2012 
want to be cuddled to sleep . life is shit . 
i really wish i was working with tonight 
wow i really missed lauri campus . karma i guess . 
san diego then and now ( hardcover celebrating beloved cities from around the world , this book from the then an ... 
symphony in e-minor , op . 32 ( gaelic ) - study score ( paperback this is a new , digitally enhanced reprint of the ... 
lightweight there is a princess in everyone tote bag ( 20 inch lightweight ' there is a princess in everyone ' to ... 
skin it protective skin for pippo classic ag ( n fl atlanta falcons logo skins are a vinyl product that generally ... 
( and marcia lol ) alisha is a must soon i miss you all 
oh . then do they girls still have a chance to enter 2nd round ? 
i love puppies ! but sadly i do not have the place for him 
man i gotta work tomorrow too .. I am so exhausted jay ( 
nikon d3000 10.2 mp digital slr camera with 18-55 mm f / 3.5- 5.6 g a-s dx tr nicker zoom lens ( camera breathtaking ... 
nikon d3000 10.2 mp digital slr camera with 18-55 mm f / 3.5- 5.6 g a-s dx tr nicker zoom lens ( camera breathtaking ... 
i just want my theme back 
i really want a vax acta 
08x21 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.52 " wide complete brazilian walnut frame ( firmware this frame is man ... 
i do not feel okay though 
no me gusta I am going at the end of june ! 
mci wind ms-n 0111p 6 - cell kamilah battery ( black u100 wind battery 6 - cell black kamilah 
too big to fall : america's failing infrastructure and the way forward ( hardcover in august 2007 , the i - 35w fri ... 
too big to fall : america's failing infrastructure and the way forward ( hardcover in august 2007 , the i - 35w fri ... 
too big to fall : america's failing infrastructure and the way forward ( hardcover in august 2007 , the i - 35w fri ... 
you do not know , just jayne and surya are saying it , and there saying i had to much to loose but i lost it i really did 
watching the blind side for the first time .. do not cry nicole 
dammit , I am sleepy coz of the mess 
start work on friday . was looking forward to coming home from school and just sleeping all night 
as if a 5 hr exam was not enough , I have got to do it all again tomorrow ! maya ... 
it is so cold should put warmer clothes on . 
i see ur followers goin up but not mine 
billy hawkins ( ireland i prefer a pub as my social network . i app privacy 
corella livingston 16 - piece dinnerware set , service for 4 , classic rafe blue ( kitchen corella livingston 16 - pi ... 
corella livingston 16 - piece dinnerware set , service for 4 , classic rafe blue ( kitchen corella livingston 16 - pi ... 
biggest regret i did not get to go to the my worlds concert 
when i get called a mexican by people in class < ... 
wasabi power battery for canon vixen hf m400 ( kamilah the wasabi power bebop battery replaces the canon bpi - 808 ... 
wasabi power battery for canon vixen hf m400 ( kamilah the wasabi power bebop battery replaces the canon bpi - 808 ... 
no one has one and the only people that do are boys and I am not fixing to wear another boys hoodie 
sry yu took the bus ? 
why will not it lemme retweet your tweets ? ( a ) 
yes sorry have not beeline 
artisan dong rt look @ my dictionary :p rt ga ada artisan gtu :p rt km 
wow : o i want to see , but i cant goddes mei rt rt for the colorful , ( cont ) 
I am drying my hair and it is gone static , my pants have not come so i have nothing to wear and i feel I will <3 
failed that test 
so something is wrong with the water . i can not even shower . 
I am really tired . and sick 
ugh why is everyone talking about chipotle ? ! someone take me there 
wish i was in sheffield .. 
we all have a really short friend . i do not , but that is because i am the really short friend . 
i know this is crazy but come to daejeon in korea , please .. i want to meet you but my parents do not allow .. i know it is impossible 
carbon 2005-2009 mustang vs 4 pc . kit ( painted : sparkle silver metallic clear coat - wheel - m6389 this item ... 
h aha it is not a happy holiday for me .. tell him i said happy birthday lol 
aw i never thought i would say this but , I have really missed you and laura :') 
samsung lincoln 55 - inch 1080p 120 hz ltd hdtv ( black ) ( electronics make the move to the smoothest ltd action ... 
miss that moment magazine cell ( ) ` ) rt work hard play smart ! ! ! happybornday ... 
had the worst sleep so far . silly chest pains 
beaches of the big island ( a kowalski book 
i can not ! ! ! thank u but .. 
that is what i want to do but they have big metal gates 
another weird dream smh 
it will be hard work but I will try my best 
lego star wars snodgrass ( toy luke sky walker's uncle owen is shopping for some new druids at the jewel snodgrass ... 
it is been cloudy all day and it is about to rain . 
this holiday comedown is the worst ever ! lol i miss ripping each other relentlessly banter miss r no f every opportunity 
ok , even if you do not like sebastian you have to admit this is heartbreaking . 
no . hannah , i feel like I am gonna pass out I am so tired . and i got a fucking cold sore today 
trunk music ( harry bosch ) ( mass market paperback following on the heels of his extraordinary new york times be ... 
to bad i can not go :/ i can not afford it 
i was wondering why you did not answer me 
swimming jellyfish aquarium ( toy this jellyfish aquarium is not your ordinary electric lamp . fill the glass co ... 
i want to dip dye someones hair 
alright alright . better try extra hard since you have ditched any other day we have tried to hangout 
both also have ah 
idk why I am still up , i guess i could use somebody to talk too 
peerless peacock - w adjustable tilt ceiling mount for 15 " to 24 " displays with 20 " to 34 " extension ( white item ... 
why ? you going to cwt up pooh ks ? i miss you too aila narc hang out ? 
godson mill 50/50 wheat flour , 5 - pounds ( pack of 6 
just woke up shit ass mood 
yea i was asleep and was gonna ping ya but it says no reply till 5 or sun , u miss me ? 
charlie rose ( november 4 , 2008 live coverage of the 2008 presidential election with doris kearns goodwin , mark ... 
the advert one . going to wasatch on monday . i looked through the see work ? why the workload so heavy ? are you interning ? 
so i take it you are staying in south carolina ... I will miss you here but girl you are doin work triple majoring ! smart y 
awesome contributor for a long time mt packers are releasing ot chad clifton today . failed a physical . had back surgery 
graceland ( hardcover elvis presley purchased the graceland mansion in andaman half a century later , it remain ... 
graceland ( hardcover elvis presley purchased the graceland mansion in andaman half a century later , it remain ... 
there is this thing i use to be  will acquainted with and lately there is distance between us oh right ... sleep 
, I am bout to text you love ! 
omfg , I am craving them now 
md budget for mac 1.6 ( commercial 4d budget is equipped with probably the best and most universal importing to ... 
can i get a rt for your irish fan ? guess wat ! your tickets we are sold so fast i did not get 1 bo x x 
plato salmon strips ozzy ( pack of 3 ) ( misc . natural salmon strips with fresh pacific salmon , and other organic ... 
options for the beginner and beyond : unlock the opportunities and minimize the risks ( hardcover brief , careful ... 
options for the beginner and beyond : unlock the opportunities and minimize the risks ( hardcover brief , careful ... 
amanda please can you tweet my mother she is a massive fan and she is currently in bed I will x 
ah then you cut my face 
message stick ( paperback " one of the best novels in ten years of running this contest . " hackney literary away ... 
beautiful costello photos from a travel feature in the new issue of ( on newsstands now i want to go there 
school is gonna be so boring tomorrow because judy & will not be there . 
what ? why ? ... you are happy ? :/ 
an economic history of imperial madagascar , 1750-1895 : the rise and fall of an island empire . ( book review an a ... 
what is this ? ? rt pls come and explode the brick wall in front of my heart with your big tanker ! lol ! 
waist , unfair that you got them ! away a ant the m tantrum 
the imitation of christ ( optimized for kindle 
the imitation of christ ( optimized for kindle 
pasta to potato mac and yellow cheddar cheese ( panda ) , 6 - ounce ( pack of 6 
ritz crackers ' n cheesy , 0.95- ounce single serve packages ( pack of 60 
I am so tired for singing honey i woke up at 5 am 
the couple sitting next to me left ,  will fuck em too then , her hubby was awkward anyways > 
i need someone to talk too ( ( ( 
is asleep already bitch 
skin it protective skin for opioid nanook kg ( skull pendant skins are a vinyl product that generally fits most devi ... 
loving more : the fidelity primer ( paperback 
carefree ultra protection regular pantaloons with wings-scented - 32 ct ( pack of 4 
na lucky boy .. make our convex self class with my b'day na " heriberto we tin boys dey chop na ... induction 
i just wanted to see uncles dancing in the street while people blow shit up behind em 
y has ma mood changed all of a sudden ? ahead . ma day hz bn fun , wish it ended the way it started . i tank ma bible wig do nw . 
planetary defense - a space viz production ( dud synopsis - planetary defense who will save earth ? scientists and ... 
oh no ... I am going to fall asleep in class . i can not even stay awake now and it does not start for another half hour . . 
now i kno the meantime of " have you ever " by brandy ! ! ! omg 
i missed out too 
my feet is the ugliest feet on earth ! ! just say in 
" where is my plug ? ? ? 
I am not allowed either but once I am 16 and have my own money my mom can just deal with it ! 
robert mugabe of zimbabwe ( in focus biographies recounts the story of the man who led the struggle for black p ... 
doc johnson rump shakers black medium vibrating butt plug ( health and beauty anal vibrate are designed aspen ... 
say my name ( triumvirate with text-to-speech enabled , user-friendly mild-mannered newspaperman stanley t . bradford ... 
ah I am leaving after work this evening could have met up ! 
just saw video of the black lab that would not leave his yellow lab buddy ( who had been hit & killed ) in middle of a busy road . dog person 
i can not be pale any longer ! I have converted to the tanned side ! 
building stories ( pb there is a wonderful history and story to discover about every building in building stories ... 
building stories ( pb there is a wonderful history and story to discover about every building in building stories ... 
i still need to buy my i am slack in ' 
i give up good night i have to go to bed now esther r 
disruptive technology and how to compete for the future - ( via brian solis 
13x22 custom picture frame / poster frame 2 " wide complete black satin mica smooth frame ( 74273 this frame is ... 
20x22 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.25 " wide complete copper river rock brown frame ( 26917 this frame ... 
20x22 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.25 " wide complete copper river rock brown frame ( 26917 this frame ... 
another major fucking l . major ... 
rt the killers ' saxophone player tommy martha reported dead from suicide 
2000-2001 honda cur 929 : motorcycle hugger rear wheel fender ( silver motorcycle rear wheel hugger in black gla ... 
my phone is about to die and I am in school ... i have to stay after for like 3 more hours 
] midland gist rsvp 36 - mile 50 - channel mrs / mrs two-way radio ( pair ) ( monica 
so ! you are not use too say that ( 
down by home bargains ! fucking shit year this had turned out to be xx 
video : ge brings manufacturing jobs back to u . s . ( cbs news share with friends : | | top news - business news , ... 
ugh it was about the celtics I am extremely angry 
so I have been a little busy lately and totally abandoned the blog I will be back soon hopefully xx 
6 pack ( 3 photo black / 3 magenta ) manufacturer ink cartridge for hp axle ( cabinet / cabinet compatible wit ... 
puyol is acc a great player .. but why so ugly ? 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
pacers win again - for those counting at home , tonight is the pacers seventh consecutive victory ( 11-1 in april pacers 118 , 109 . 
rt rt colette < man what ? ! - - how u lose your virginity so fast ? < easy 
oh poop how have you been anyways ? 
but let me stop complaining . there are kids in africa & ethiopia that are starving 
but let me stop complaining . there are kids in africa & ethiopia that are starving 
my braces keep catching my cheek today , really hurts 
you better not be lying to me soto but okay , deal ! 
at 255 , cause i have no service in this room to text 
the thing is I have really been giving my all in this relationship & identity think he sees it 
rt ( ( ( this is y barclay is losing ) ) ) ---> rt i never knew ma followers hatred barclay like this 
my guy's balling on " hand-to-mouth " rt is mode 9 making " lil change " ? 
gawd i can not believe on saturday I will be moving to ireland 
some lazy . i am on my way to work let . 9 hrs ! no need to die . can sleep in lecture right ? 
when broken glass floats : growing up under the khmer rouge ( hardcover in a cambodian proverb , " when broken gla ... 
when broken glass floats : growing up under the khmer rouge ( hardcover in a cambodian proverb , " when broken gla ... 
yeah , editing my menage now for may release , but then i have nothing due . trying to write , but i seem to have stalled keep .. 
awe boo ( will maybe we will get full soon ! 
ginger , crystallized slices ( 12/3 oz roland sliced crystallized ginger is coated with sugar and is packaged in ... 
yes , i got sad when i saw it and could not eat it lolrt but you know you would tear that cake d-izz-own 
only 22 days 
24x35 custom picture frame / poster frame 1.265 " wide complete green wood frame ( grump this frame is benefactor ... 
i know it is long overdue ... but trying to follow all you all back ! i am such a procrastinator love ya 
22x31 custom picture frame / poster frame 2 " wide complete black executive leather frame ( 74093 this frame is ... 
yeah I am going ! ! babe i did not see you at all today 
the old fortress of corfu ( greece a short travelogue though the fortifications and history of the old fortress ... 
ur not thou 
and evil people ! my lord will fight for me ! 
1998-2002 lincoln navigator dry chrome door handles / covers ( no keypad , with passenger keyhole 1998-2002 lincoln ... 
mario cascades - buffering lotion - 1 oz ( health and beauty specifically designed to treat deep , cystic blemish ... 
a practitioner's guide to software test design ( hardcover a comprehensive , up-to-date and practical introductory ... 
11x36 custom picture frame / poster frame 2 " wide complete country oak brown frame (8 8063 this frame is manual ... 
malediction 4.5- inch clip-on phone holster ( khaki great for small two-way radios , tree , i phone , palm , blackbird ... 
and i was right ... they let it slide 
i just love how never texts me back 
can not find my one direction top so i can wear it for dance warhol , got my old one , but it is not as nice :/ 
you are not coming to grand march ! ? 
basic gel kinsman 3 taine 0139 ( women's 7.5 , white capri blue lightning asexual premiere running shoe has under ... 
i am though 
garden of life - perfect food raw organic , 240 g powder ( health and beauty capture the raw power of the ... 
shine like it does - the anthology ( 1979-1997 ) ( audio cd shine like it does - the anthology ( 1979-1997 ) inks o ... 
I am wondering if has left yet 
awesome can not believe that series is done 
wooden mallet fold-away wall desk ( oak whether you have been searching for a convenient bill paying station , or ... 
wooden mallet fold-away wall desk ( oak whether you have been searching for a convenient bill paying station , or ... 
water and scratch resistant case for garvin tom tom magellan maestro 4.3 inch ops ( eva purple " this package in ... 
it is pouring down robyn ! so grim hannah ! x I am sitting in a sandwich bar killing time ! x 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
/ apple ipod touch 8 gb 4th generation ( white 
niall , please , just one tweet for me ? just one re tweet for me ? just , i love you my niall and answer me ; thank you ( 
happy birthday thorsten * schuss * i wish you know that i miss you so much , the time we we are together 
it is like antarctica in this bitch ... we need the heat fixed 
style craft 30 " x 118 " spaced board and batten mahogany exterior shutters ( pair custom-made . southern styling . ... 
please follow back , you follow my sister and I am really j el 
tis not as bad as u people make it seem . do not let twitter get wu . u beautiful inside k . 
said that she tries to respond to at least 10 barb z a day out of her 11 million ... can i be n that lucky 10 today plz 
shut up . i am not please do not eat me <3 cause if you eat me I will be all gone and you will be alone :/ 
I am sorry i can not come ( rt amazing show in jakarta ! the fans we are crazy .. i will remember this one for a long time in don 
nice ! ! congrats . ! ! ! :p today i failed a math test and a physic test . fuck 